What is the man by the bags awaiting?
Where does this man eat pizza?
What is the occupation of the person driving?
How were the drivers of the cars able to park here?
How many people can ride this motorcycle at a time?
Where would one most likely see the show advertised in the poster?
What mood do the cows seem to be in?
What type of rain is this called?
What is the man putting on the bus?
If the cameraman were driving what do they have to do from this position?
How did these frisbee throwers get to this location?
What animal will most likely eat this meal?
In which country is this bus located?
When did the namesake of this theater die?
What animals are these?
What kind of cake has been served?
What kind of computer is near the woman in blue?
What job do the people shown here share?
Who last gave force to the ball shown?
What type of gathering is this?
What song mentions the animal under the desk?
What letter appears twice in a row on the train?
Which object is in the greatest danger?
What type of race is this?
What period of the day is depicted in the photo?
What is the cat growling at?
What sort of building is seen behind this amusement?
What do these pilots hope for?
What is the name of this dog breed?
Which direction is this meter pointing towards?
Which team won this sport's championship in 2019?
According to its nickname this city never does what?
What number comes after the number on the top of the bus?
One of the umbrellas is inspired by which country's flag?
What time of the day are people exploring the beach?
How does this dog's fur feel at this time?
The food on the plate that is farthest away from the woman is usually attributed to what country?
The shade is causing the motorcyclists to turn what on?
What type of contest is being held?
Where are these people located?
What do people put in that black tank?
Why is the man wearing a yellow vest?
What is the man looking down at?
Why is the bike here?
How was this room secured by the group using it?
What is the likely temperature of the lady's beverage?
Why are all these people here?
What word is directly under the word Sony on the phone?
Why are they chasing the ball?
What does he do for a living?
What role is being fulfilled by the kneeling gray shirted person?
What will the child try to do first?
What direction will the beige car travel in after the light turns green above the intersection?
Why are the people lined up outside the silver vehicle?
What kind of transportation is this?
This airline company is headquartered in which country?
What is the cat on the toilet lid staring at?
What is not unique about this animals?
What are the two men looking at?
What is the name of the painting on the outside of the blue train?
What can people do here besides skateboarding?
Why is the brown object placed near the fence?
What are people watching the elephant likely to use to shoot it?
Where is the man sitting?
If the person here falls off the board what might help them retrieve their board?
The technician on the sidewalk is in the process of repairing what item next to the SUV?
What should they have worn before starting the activity?
What is the boy on the right holding?
What kind of item is the man very likely to be carrying in the case?
What is the silver vehicle by the building used for?
What powers the boat farthest away?
What toy is held by more children?
What color is the long haired man's vest?
What base is he on his way to?
Why is he inside the wave?
What type of stand is holding up the motorcycle?
Which item that is missing would help complete the home office setup?
What kind of outfit is the statue dressed in?
At which event do these people pose?
What occupation does the person with the loaded bike beside them?
How did this man get to this location?
What is the purpose of the umbrellas?
The person who uses this space likes to collect what?
What bathroom fixture is to the left of the towel rack?
A car turning which way is a hazard to this man?
What is he doing to the tie?
What action will he take with the ball?
What animal produced the food on the tray?
What type feet do these birds have?
WHich is a chain burger restaurant sign?
Why is the woman touching the woman's belly?
Which bird can grind their own calcium supplements?
Why is he carrying the surfboard?
What state is the computer most likely in?
Which of the bowls of food is a side dish of the main meal?
These animals are known to do what?
What can you check out from that van?
The red metal marker attached to the fire hydrant is most useful during which season?
What type of rolls are in the wicker basket?
What job does the person with the larger item on their head hold?
Why are these people covering their faces?
Where does the URL text actually exist?
In what year did number 5 retire?
What type of game is being played?
What companies logo can be seen on the half pipe?
How is this bus different from traditional US buses?
What surface are the boys playing on?
In what sort of setting do these people find themselves?
Which one of these is a sister island to this location?
What is near the table?
What is the flush on the toilet called?
Why is the man on the right wearing the vest?
What does the rectangular object on the wall on the left allow for?
What are the people in the blue car doing?
What is the skier passing through?
What are the bars for?
What should someone use first to treat the carrot before using the knife to cut it?
What activity might those under umbrellas take part in at some point during the day?
What leave imprints in the snow with every step they take?
What fruit is seen in the cup on the truck?
What are they doing with the surfboards?
What type of enthusiasts are gathering here?
What is in the room?
Beta carotene rich vegetable in the image is?
If you put a giant board in front of them what current action of theirs would you prevent them from doing?
Which hand is she using to hold the phone?
Which food unprepared to eat?
What will rehydrate the people at the table if they are dehydrated?
People standing on something solid furthest into and above water stand on what?
What might you feel more like buying after viewing the wall here?
Which ski does the skier set down first to land safely?
Why is less snow visible on the area lower than the land near the photographer here?
Why is he extending his arm?
Where has most of her weight been shifted?
Which fruit juice has anti cancer properties?
What role does FedEx play in this game?
At which direction is the highland cattle above staring to?
What does the yellow and white kite resemble?
What does the company whose name is on the left chair sell?
What is the large silver object in the middle of the group?
Where did the baby get the pizza?
Approximately what time is it?
What is the weather like in the scene?
What does the person standing here wait to see?
What is most shocking in this picture?
What kind of outdoor event are the two on the bench attending?
What word is on the wall?
What is the occupation of the man in the red vest?
The ruins were probably once what type of structure?
Who is the parking meter for?
What kind of cuisine is this?
This collage shows the surfer riding a wave but at different what?
What does one need to keep the items in the pink container working?
What video game character are the boys mimicking?
How is the image made to look?
Where are they likely to work from?
What are the people wearing red's job?
What is the boy sitting in the grass doing?
Why are they standing like that?
What drink goes in this type of glass?
In what direction will the train go next with respect to the person taking this person?
Based on the leaves on the trees what season is it?
Where did the youth get the bruises on his legs?
Universal shape behind the zips are what?
What is this man doing?
What are the black helmets the people are wearing made for?
What setting does the boarder pose in here?
The red item is what type of food?
What are these men looking at?
What has peaked the interest of the little girl?
What is the model year of Toyota Tacoma?
Why is everyone headed downhill?
Why is the yellow sign posted outdoors?
What starchy food is visible here?
Who is steering the flying object?
What type of game are the woman playing?
Which of the man's accessories need to be replaced?
What type of internet connection is being used in the residence?
What is the cat doing on the bench?
What is the man in the brown shirt emulating with the white controller?
Why is the cat in the sink?
Who is the most successful quarterback of her favorite team?
Why is the person on the board crouching?
That cake is for two people who are involved how?
If the green item is part of this person's religion what are they most likely unfamiliar with?
What kind of trees can be seen?
What animals are present?
What is the person on the bench doing?
What caused the lines in the snow?
What kind of building is the one with the sign on the left?
What brand is the blue shirt on the right?
Which things would be easiest for the giraffes to eat here?
Why is the dog on the table?
What does the man have on his head besides lipstick?
Why is she jumping through the air?
What should you eat among these food if you lack in vitamin A?
What is in the center of the plate served at this banquet?
Why are so many benches empty?
What meal is being served?
Why do persons lay on their surfboard what is this part of?
Where might you find the item in the window?
Where is the food made?
What shape are two of the grass wreaths fashioned into?
Which quadrant of the picture has the most cows in it?
What type of field are the kids playing on?
Where was the fruit being used as flavoring here grown?
What are the silver wrappers from?
What position does the player wearing yellow play?
In which manner were the desserts here prepared?
What is the boy in blue and white trying to do?
What foot appeared are the hockey players wearing to play on the ice?
Why do sheep have colored dye on their backs?
What event is going to take place?
What is most likely in the air?
What letter is on the front of the train?
What is the orange stuff in the bowl?
What breed of dog is sitting near the fence?
What is on the top of the building?
What could happen if the white truck parks a few feet directly ahead?
What material is used to make roofing for buildings on the right side of this street?
What fruit is in the picture?
Which artist depicted Polynesians practicing this sport on the Sandwich Islands?
What animals are looking back at the cows?
What type of bottoms does the woman in white have on?
What type of room are the kids in?
What does the white truck do?
When was the Union Jack invented?
What hobby is the person who is driving this car today doing now?
What kind of athlete was the man in the black and white image most likely?
Who are the men standing on the right of the image?
What type of pants is this person wearing?
What is the toothbrush inside of?
To what elevation might someone ride on the ski lift?
What type of horticulture is occurring here?
How many living species of elephants are currently recognized?
Based on the reflections where is this bowl of cereal placed?
To whom is this ball thrown?
What is on the sign?
What is the large vehicle's purpose?
Why are the horses hitched together?
What is his favorite sport?
If this is Chinese food how was it most likely cooked?
What type of event is this?
What is the rectangular grey object in the middle of the dirt field?
What are they walking in?
During which season are the cars traveling on the road?
What are they doing?
What's the name of the company that made the canned drink?
Where are they going?
What is sold inside this store?
What non living animals are portrayed most frequently here?
What item here is most profuse and likely offered for sale?
The equine figure seen here is what type?
What orange vegetable is probably in the jar on the left?
What is next to the skateboard?
What is the container on top of the tin foil holding?
What is in the white rectangular package to the left of the cat?
What is the person trying to record?
Why does he have his arm up?
What contest are the men participating in?
What is his wrist accessory used for?
Based on the food and location this is most likely this person's what?
What are the animals using the bridge to do?
What is being cut?
Why is the woman seated here?
What is the highest object in the room?
Where can these foods be found?
What vehicles can use the lane nearest to the men?
What is this person's profession?
These boats are most likely in what kind of place?
What time of day does the bus drive in here?
Why is the young boy holding the older woman's hand?
What texture will the main dish have when this has finished cooking?
Which majority group of people live in the area before the red sign on the bridge?
What leg is the player using to push her body up?
What is this woman listening to?
Why is the woman standing behind the cupcake displays?
Which is the only direction vehicles can travel?
Which one of these Scandinavian countries is represented here?
What type of horse is it?
What is the purple thing on the table?
What technique was used to manipulate this photo?
What holiday is most likely next?
What is stopping people from walking up the stairs?
Who placed the teddy bear here?
How many birds are there?
What fuel does the vehicle in the center of the image use?
From what setting were these fruits picked?
What type of people can normally be found near this beach?
The neckwear visible here that is longest is what?
Why is his empty hand raised?
What should the skateboarder do right now?
The treat shown here contains what dairy product?
What will the cheese listed be served on?
What do the persons standing here hope most to see?
Where is the man taking the cart?
Which country does this airline likely belong to?
What company made this vehicle?
What is featured by the TV?
In many areas of the world what could this man be ticketed for doing?
What is in the silver bottle?
What type of diet might the girl have?
What is the oldfashioned name for this type of store?
What doe the lines behind the bottom most car represent?
What is the unique skill of this elephant?
What guy in blue do?
What is the girl missing?
Which shoes require watering more than daily?
What type of building is this?
What is the item being displayed by the man?
This travels is belongs to which country?
What type of monster is the woman grooming herself to be?
Who do these people wave to?
Why is the piece of wood under the laptop?
What country is the white airplane most likely from?
What is the dog about to do?
What is this model of car called in South Korea?
What can the circular object do?
What type of kitchen is he cooking in?
What does the large number rhyme with?
What is put inside the silver bowl for processing?
What is prohibited in this area?
What is the name of the nation with the flag in this picture?
What is looking at the zebras?
What office reprieve does this man avail himself of?
What is likely the main language spoken here?
When first born what were these animals called?
In what sort of building is this bed sited?
What is attached to the blue strap on the surfers ankle?
What material are the bottles made of?
How might the real version of the kite animal on top defend itself?
What are the bears doing in the water?
What wheeled object is the man riding on to perform the stunt?
In which neighborhood does this bus drive?
What is the purpose of the wires above the vehicle?
What color is in the middle of the kite?
This elevated train is part of the public transportation system of which large US city?
The person on the motorcycle escorting the double decker bus is what type of public servant?
What sort of trees are visible here?
What is the subject of the speech being given?
What can be bought from the silver machine on the right hand side?
What activity is carried out by the person?
Why do some elephants have trunks in the water?
What activity does the van driver want to do?
What is the boy about to do?
What are the people probably laying on?
Why is the baby wet?
What is located behind the clock?
What could you do with the metallic item that has 3 varied sized circles atop it?
What did the man bending over do with the ball?
What are the rectangular green structures on the left used as?
At least how many different ways are there to identify which bus this is?
What is his hat made from?
What kind of activity is held nearby?
How is the woman protecting her hairdo?
The green item was probably obtained from where?
Where is the nearest place for persons to await this bus?
How do the people know each other?
Where does the baby most likely go to sleep?
What kind of weather is this area in danger of?
Which vehicle has violated the laws?
What sport is enjoyed by the person in black shorts?
What were the potatoes seen here cooked in?
What is the man wearing sunglasses?
In which liquid were most of the shown treats boiled?
What is the building for?
Why is the truck backed up to the building?
Why is the dog on his leg?
Which person is he videotaping?
In which continent is the train?
What are the lamps trying to help the people do?
What is the country first had double decker busses?
What is taller than the giraffe here?
What is the cow doing?
Why is the man on the left jumping in the air?
What injury could she sustain if she touched the top of the candles?
Why is the hood of the car open?
What is on the right?
What event will the people participate in?
Which material has been used to build the pots hanged on the wall?
What is in the plastic bag?
How many bananas is the store offering for nineteen cents?
How far away is the item being photographed?
What is the girl doing with the silver device?
At which stage of the game are these players?
What is the man's hobby?
What act of nature could potentially physically impede progress on the road?
What type window is the person who is photographing this luggage looking here?
Who is the cake for?
What type of terrain is available here?
How many biplanes are there?
What could happen weather wise in this area?
What species is competing here?
What is the term for the way the player has her body positioned?
What style of riding is the woman doing?
Where might you see these people compete in this sport?
The white stuffed toy is made of what material?
What are not allowed according to the sign?
What does the boy need to do to decrease his risk of choking on the food in his mouth?
What is he doing with the frisbee?
Which direction is the arrow pointing?
How many different times are photographed here?
What feature is this animal known for?
What type of surfboard is the man in green holding?
The area underneath the structure is illuminated by what?
What vehicle was brought on the bought?
If the clock is showing times in the PM how many hours ago did the New York Stock Exchange open?
What is the little girl wearing on her legs?
What material is the round table made of?
What type of TV is that?
Where could coins potentially be hidden?
Which person works at this facility?
Which person probably has the most recent ancestry in Africa?
Balaclava used as what?
The item the person is cutting is harmful to who?
Who might be in possession of this?
By which technology standard is the monitor connected to the laptop?
What is the standing sheep most likely doing?
What type of animals are present in the image?
If something goes wrong with this woman's work what can she blame?
What year was this video game console first released?
What is the best material for chopsticks?
The band on the shirt of the man wearing a mask belongs to what genre of music?
The man has what kind of facial hair?
What are the men standing on the bench doing?
What style of building is located near the men?
What is attached to the computer and sits on top of the placemat?
Why is this place unsuitable for feeding these animals?
What is held in the canisters at the back?
The butt of what animal is visible at the bottom left corner of the giraffe?
Which base is he running to?
What is inside the bus that connects the two levels?
Which ancient civilization utilized the support structure shown in the image?
What material is the white part of this specimen made of?
Where are the owners of these bikes while this photo was taken?
Why is the cats pupil green?
What could someone do inside the yellow building?
What are most phones here being used for?
What does the snorkel on the truck protect it from?
The two trains are traveling in which European country?
Where does the black and silver item in the middle compartment belong?
What activity is being shared by the people?
The glass drink on the table has what as its primary flavor?
What time of the day are the surfers showering here?
Why does the man cover his head with a cloth?
What is the large circular blue object under the sink?
Where does the man on the board want to go?
What likely relation do the two spoon looking things have?
When is it safe to proceed going forward in a vehicle?
Where is most of the kids weight?
What type of building is this black structure?
What is the minimum number of players who can partake in a match of this sport?
What is the person doing with the food in his lap?
What is the man watching?
Where are these people going?
What is next to the phone?
Which type flower is most oft repeated here?
What area these people going to take?
What company is known for making the thing on the plate on the right?
Who's bike is this?
Why can we still see them?
Why is the red car on the bed of the blue vehicle?
Why is he wearing a glove?
Why is the man in the black shorts jumping in the air?
What hair style is the woman wearing?
What country does the blue car originate from?
What color furniture will the cat here likely go next to step?
What type of sneakers is the child wearing?
What are they doing in the mountains?
What activity is possible for those seated here?
The shape of the baseball field is?
What is the most likely level of this room?
What is this type of apple called?
What is cut in half on the right?
What type of potentially harmful light does the laptop screen produce?
In what year did the website on her screen become a company?
What allows the blade to remain in place with the handle?
How many different individuals are actually depicted here?
What should traffic do by the light?
What tool shares the name as the sponsor on the vest?
Why is the umbrella like structure in the middle of the grass?
The screen in the middle is taking the place of the what?
What is the main holding as he's walking by looking at the No 5 train?
Which of the objects on the plate is inedible?
What cool treat can be found inside this cake?
How are the two women related?
What are they doing?
What is the man attempting to do?
What breakage caused the lights repositioning?
What is the most common type of pizza crust?
Why is he standing like that?
The humanoid kite is dressed for which environment?
What is the little lamb doing?
What have these ladies been doing?
Where are the two old men located in?
What sport is the video game on the monitor simulating?
What purpose does the metal object in front of the building serve?
This animal is the same species as what character on Game of Thrones?
What is the largest city in this country by population?
Why are they lying down?
Why does the man have a hand on the ground?
Why are they off the path?
What is the more realistic setting for these baskets of food items?
What dish is most likely to be enjoyed by the bikers parked here?
Where is this bookshelf located?
How many people besides the driver ride in this bus at this time?
Why are the umbrellas different colors?
What are the people at this event trying to help gain on behalf of medical research?
Which furnishing would be easiest to move?
What is this machine?
What type of area is shown?
Why is the toilet paper on top of the toilet?
What kind of business is this street vendor engaged in?
Where are the skaters located?
Where is someone probably enjoying this food?
The individual pieces of the flooring are referred to as what?
Which one of these vegetables is used in the manufacture of the item in the cans?
To park here what must someone possess?
What food on the table has the highest level of fat?
What are they doing?
What are the devices with screens called?
The white part of the icing here is likely flavored with what?
What is the plane pictured above doing?
What is the yellow ball near the cat used for?
What is the recreation depicted in the photo?
Who is winning so far?
What is the man wearing?
Why is he holding the door?
What type of creature made the white object in the salad bowl?
Why are the objects stacked?
Who is the maker of the white shoes?
What will the dog want to do with the frisbee seen here?
Skating is which seasonal game?
Which one likely weighs the least?
What method of cooking is being used in this area?
Which season of the HBO show The Wire focused on an area that looked like this?
What animal is walking alongside the man?
What is the body of water categorized as?
What are the horses doing?
Where are they most probably swimming?
From which room could items used to make this chair originate?
What country is served by this airline?
Why are there black spots on the apples?
Which thing here is the highest?
What food is the same color as the largest portion of this vehicle?
Black head goats have similar sex organs to?
Why is she doing this?
What session of the day is it?
What ingredient gives you the most fat?
Why is he flushing with his foot?
What type of tires are on this truck?
What's the name for the trippy picture behind the woman?
Where is this fruit stand?
What type of road is behind the person who took this picture?
What is definitely not allowed here?
Why is the man on the tall bike?
In what location would you have the most fun with the toy shown?
What is the black headgear on the horses made from?
What does the orange fabric carrot next to the cat contain?
How many bears are there?
How is this girl feeling?
What is a good word to describe all of these people?
What do the blue vests being done help the boaters with in case of tipping over?
What is this type of train car called?
Which bird's product can be found here?
New Orleans is inventor of what?
What does the photographer stand on to take this photo?
What genetic order does the pet seen here belong to?
What is being held on the curved metal structure?
Why do they all have laptops?
Tropical climate is suits for which tree?
What item on the kitchen counter is used for cutting foods such as fruits and vegetables?
Where is the plant that is depicted on the sign usually found?
What is on the floor?
What type of sport is this?
What time of day is the woman snowboarding?
Which person has a legendary story involving this animal?
How are the objects on the shelf near the window arranged?
What type of activity are the people participating in?
Why is the girl in black extending her arm?
Where are the three walking?
What is one of the favorite food of this person?
What is the cookie in the shape of?
Looking at the man in the black shirt what are his pants made of?
How is the man propelled forward?
Which direction do the riders of this lift go?
What does the girl want to pet?
What activity might be done in this outdoor area?
Why is the giraffe's head near the basket?
The red color in the fire hydrant indicates what factor?
What is the object with a hose connected to it on the table in front of the tv?
What is number seven attempting to do?
What country is associated with the tan hat the man is wearing?
What material are these fluffy animals made of?
What sort of power moves this vehicle?
What is being sold in this shop?
Why is the woman wearing a hat?
For what reason is the man carrying the long object tucked between his arms?
What is the lined white area near the lights for?
When can breakfast be eaten here?
What is the sign pointing to?
What is the purpose of the cup?
What type of items are on the bed?
Where are the men standing while looking at their phones?
What is causing the glare in the image?
Why does the horse have yellow around the ankles?
These people are most likely on what type of event?
What part of her body can break if she falls to the ground?
Where can you buy these donuts?
What type of round sliced topping is on the pizza?
What type of object is laying on the chair?
What animal is closest to the water?
Why is the woman looking down into her hand?
What is required for this activity?
What is the dog wearing?
Which vehicle could be considered illegally parked?
What type of activity are they playing?
What is the name of the hockey team that resides in this city?
Which street is a oneway street?
When was the first bus stop installed?
What do the trees indicate about the region?
What animal might make this area its home?
What is this type of sandwich called?
The ornate metal girders are covering what object?
What is the brown and green bag made from?
What type of area is shown?
What body part might these animals likely lose soon?
What aisle in the grocery store is the man in the gray shirt shopping in?
Which vehicle rejects public service?
What is this woman trying to hit?
Why are the vases on the white pedestals?
How might you most easily bait this animal into moving?
What is the raw ingredient of chocolate cake?
What governing body uses the flag closest to the camera?
Why is the food eaten by the boy unhealthy?
How is the occupancy of this room?
What does the stuffed animal the man is holding resemble?
Why is his arm raised so high?
What is/are contained inside the vases?
Which leg would be hurt if he fell?
Why do they have their arms stretched out to the side?
Why is the horse on the the ground?
What are the sheep doing in this picture?
How many cycles are there in the room?
What is item the woman is wearing on her head called?
What tusked entity allows tourists to cross this body of water while keeping their feed dry?
What type of vehicle are the people looking at?
What is the tip of the bed structures called?
What mode of transport did this person recently take advantage of?
How many balls is the dog carrying?
Who wears a similar item to what the boy is wearing on his head?
What are the kites here meant to resemble?
What is the reason for the woman in yellow standing in the street here?
What is protruding from the water?
What sort of space is this?
The child is learning what?
What color is the jacket at the end of the camera lens?
What number is on the yellow train?
What does the person in green try to block?
In which country do these players play?
What do the kites resemble?
Why is the man wearing a yellow vest?
How do you know there is work being done on the white building?
What business is this display promoting?
What are the smaller animals doing here?
What are the small surfboards called?
What is the white item on the leftmost shelf?
Why is the person on the right raising her hands?
What biome is in the background?
What did the man on the sidewalk most likely just do?
What will happen to the yellow and white slices?
How are the people feeling while holding the food?
The green arrow is giving the instruction to walk which direction?
Why do some boats have a big pole sticking up from it?
What is in the little white and green tub?
Why is there a description for the person's bear?
What type of activity is this?
What city is this bus in?
Why is there more than one clock?
Excellence in the American and International film industry award is what?
What type of boat are they navigating the water on?
What is this horse practicing?
Is this game available in android?
What are colorful objects hanging on the pole behind the men?
What type of transportation is shown?
What type of nutrient is missing in the above meal?
What has the woman sat down to do?
Where is the boy located at?
What is this man enjoying here?
What continent is this place in?
What is the yellow truck doing?
What element is outside the physical reality of the photo?
What color gamma is the picture in?
What would usually be where the pasta is?
What is the man going to do next?
What bus company information is posted immediately above the license plate?
What zone is this street likely to be?
What color is the water?
What is the most likely seriousness of this event?
What number can be found on the train?
Which country might you find the living replica of the item on the bed?
What are the donuts getting placed in?
What kind of weather is one likely to experience in this area?
What is marine safety in the Coast Guard?
What is happening in the photo?
Where is this kitchen located?
What restaurant do these donuts come from?
What makes these objects worthy to put behind glass?
Near what type of area do the people here wait?
What is in the center?
Where is the setting in this photo?
What demographic most likely lives in this area?
Why are the license plates invisible?
Why is he holding several tennis balls?
Judging from evidence in the picture what has the horse most likely received?
What pair of devices are mounted on the wall and in the window sill?
What type of plate material is this dish being served upon?
Why are the people standing behind the yellow line?
What would someone have to do to get to ride this elephant?
How many people wearing tan pants and black shirts are seen here?
What action did the girl take?
What looks like it could happen any minute?
What do the boys need to put on their toothbrushes before brushing?
How will an occupant be able to submerge themselves completely in water?
Who does the person most look like?
What is the group of people being watched by police likely doing?
In which country are these clear plastic umbrellas commonly used?
What is the trail created by the boat in the water called?
What are the people using?
Why is she facing away from the others?
Which seasonal Olympic game is skateboarding?
What entity most likely owns the tallest building pictured?
What does the stove use to heat food?
What work is done in this space?
What is needed for this activity?
These walls have a similar color scheme to what place?
What is the person called who would take care of the sheep?
What is starting here?
What is the name given to the type of meat gotten from the animals above?
The object they are reaching for resembles what?
The train gliding on what in order to move?
How was this pie most likely cut?
What part of the outfit did the woman expect to stand out?
What type of medium is the woman reading?
What does the man have in his hand?
What kind of dog is it?
How many more people can fit on the bench?
What kind of pattern is on this short haired man's tie?
What vegetable is bundled together?
What type of bike is this?
The bikes here belong to whom?
What does the big white object do for the food inside?
What happened in this town square?
What's the name for the type of shirt the man in blue is wearing?
What can be readily done with the metal object near the cat?
Why is the man wearing a yellow sweatshirt?
What is the chair on top of the elephant called?
Why are her hands in the air?
What sport is being played?
Estrogen and Progesterone are responsible for which feeling?
Why does the clock show different times?
What distinguishes the animals above from the rest?
What is the red kite near the two woman shaped like?
Why does the coloring in the signage appear uneven and different at top than bottom?
Which sentient beings are able to swim?
Who made the donuts?
What is this type of motorcycle known as?
What is clouding up the image?
Where does the pitcher here stand?
The couple on the bench are fans of which professional baseball team?
Where is this dog's owner?
Who wears a similar item to what the man has over his shirt?
What is the woman in green doing?
How is the woman on the right in the black shirt feeling?
Which thing here is most out of place?
Why is the man at the back wearing a yellow jacket?
What shot is this player making?
What does the color of traffic light in the above picture imply to road users?
The shadow of what is visible?
What object can keep beverages cold?
What role are these men likely getting ready for?
What kind of event are the people participating in?
What will people standing here have to pay?
What is this room most likely called?
What type of bread is on the plate?
What is the tall shelving in the corner of the room being used for?
During what time of day are the cars traveling on the road?
What does this person have on her teeth?
What type of vehicle is this?
What syndrome does the baby on the left have?
What is this semi truck delivering?
What mode of transportation is The Southerner?
What is the silver device on the red paper used for?
Who was the most recent player of this sport to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated?
Which food is normally made with the thing from the store name?
What do the ducks here await?
What is the man doing with the object in his hand?
How many women are holding umbrellas in front of the building?
Who would most likely fly that colorful flag?
Which color car will go past the light first?
What is this type of game called?
In which area do these buses run?
What do most of the people at the beach hope for today weather wise?
The girl is going to get hurt if the carrot goes in her throat because she will start doing what?
What type of transportation is shown?
What is the sign telling drivers?
What are the boys doing?
Which board will this man likely use?
What style of jeans are these?
What is this place likely to be?
What brand of shoes is the woman wearing?
What material is the brown briefcase made of?
What is his hairstyle?
What might a person do inside the blue lit area?
What is the most likely year this picture was taken?
What does the woman here hope to capture?
What is the shape of this parachute?
What will be removed when the door is closed?
Without the computers where would they look up definitions?
When is it safe to cross the street here?
Why is she aiming the device at the child?
What profession is the man facing the crowd?
Why is he hunched over?
What is the brown food with the hole in it on the plate called?
The man near the orange Umbrella sells what?
What country is this?
Why would someone be seated here?
What international tournament takes place every 4 years where this sport is played?
What is the woman boarding?
What type of truck is this?
What two factors are allowing the people to move?
Why is the person in the water wearing?
When finished with his meal where should the plate being used be placed?
What are the people paying attention to?
What is this large contraption called?
What is he carrying that's unusual?
What is on the cabinet?
Why are the fruits in the basket?
What could cause harm to the surfers?
What will riding the bike do to the blender?
What animal is on her tank top?
What is this person doing with a kite?
What is the type of grass that is used to create the top sides of the rowboat?
Which costume resembles the companion of Tinker Bell?
What is the standing player ready to do?
The inflatable wing used to fly in which game?
Where is this truck going?
What street sign is directly next to the street light?
What skill are they displaying?
Why are the people riding elephants through the streets?
What sort of specific skill is being focused on here?
What does the brown hair belong to?
What has caused traffic to stop?
What is stacked up near the wall on the right?
How is the hat the person in the closest boat wearing called?
Which type shop is seen here?
Why do people plow with cows?
Why is the band on the coach?
What colour is the tie on the far right?
Why is the man raising his arm while skiing?
Which ingredient contains the highest amount of sodium?
What sport is she ready to play?
What do these animals have on their feet?
What is the red item to the right?
The man wearing what color of shirt is in the greatest danger?
What kind of top are all the boys wearing?
What constant force is being combated based on the direction the skier is walking?
What is the serving size of this restaurant's main offering?
What is the man in front of the window wearing?
What type of natural disaster could occur if the severity of the situation in the picture is increased?
What is the white disc being carried meant to do?
What is hidden behind him?
What is the person in blue and white with long black socks doing?
What reptile is depicted in the extra large kite?
What is being dissected here?
Which direction does the wind blow?
What does the woman want to do on the ramp?
How many of the green items will be used at a time?
These items are usually eaten for what?
How is the zebra decorated?
What might the most colorful of kites be meant to represent?
How much is a small hotdog?
What type of transportation is this?
What is he doing?
Why is the boy on the skateboard crouching down?
What is the man ready to do next?
Where is the dog staying under?
Where do tomatoes usually come from?
What is number 23 attempting to do?
Why are there mounds on the surface?
What is the boy in the white shirt using as a seat?
What are guitar cases called?
Why are some items covered in tarps here?
Why is the machinery white?
What color is the sign with the white arrows?
Which dark fruit is visible here?
What are the white horses used for?
What is the most dangerous obstacle the surfer's will have to deal with?
Why is he touching the screen?
What service does the red bus connect passengers to?
Besides the valence what is being used to cover the windows?
If you were frying eggs what would you be facing most directly?
What type of vehicle is the person in the middle lane using?
What are the numbered pieces of paper for?
What kind of walls are in this house?
What style of hat is the boy wearing?
The man is wearing a shirt of what type of company?
Which animal is classified as a similar toed ungulate as these?
What type of sign is shown in the image?
What is on the desk?
Why plants are planted on roadside?
Why does he have one leg in the air?
What is the ancestral animal this current elephants originated from?
What allowed the man to get air?
What is the white device the man is holding in his left hand?
What is a group of the fruit called?
What weather event happened recently here?
What unusual material is being used to prop up the traffic signal in this intersection?
What kind of skiing is done here?
What are the people on the couch looking at?
What food does the company whose sign is right next to the yellow car likely sell?
Why are the people wearing white aprons?
Why is the person using a towel on the handle?
What is the woman reaching into the backpack wearing on her wrist?
How many of these professional American venues have artificial turf?
Which bar is the horse meant to pass over?
Which food will add an acidic flavor to the food?
What is another name for the sport written on the board?
What kind of bathroom is this?
What number is the batter?
What is the person in the elevated stand watching?
Where does the girl want the toy she holds to go?
Where is this woman feasting?
What is one of the colors on the curtain?
What type fruit is seen on this pie?
Where are these fruits being sold?
If the train continues forward what will make it go out of sight first?
Why is the person wearing an orange vest?
Which electronics manufacturer is advertised?
What purpose is served by the open glass building with green posts?
The layout and style of this room can be labeled as what?
What is an object that shares a color with the frame of the bike?
The RTO code in the motor vehicle represent which state?
How many calories are in melted cheese?
Where does he hope his toy will go?
What was the black item used for?
What does the transportation a little behind the red umbrella generally hold?
What photographic technique was used to capture the movement of traffic on the road?
What is used to cover train tracks?
Who are these three people?
Where has the white car on the yellow straps been?
When leaving in which directions do these trains travel?
What is this type of mirror on a bike called?
What is sold in most of the stores seen here?
What kind of baskets are for sale in this shop?
When did the restaurant make this donut?
Why is he smiling?
What is decorating the top of this girl's hat?
Why does the boy have his arms out?
Where did 19 just step away from?
What is the school bus doing?
What type of refreshment are the donuts being served with on the bench?
What might the buoys near the boats be used as?
Why are there yellow strips on the men's vests?
What type of seat is she using?
What are the cyclists doing?
The man wears a hat made of what?
Umbrellas provide what here?
If all humans left this scene exactly as is what would likely approach it first?
What does the vehicle look like?
What type of region is the man visiting?
In the event of the boarder losing their balance what will protect their cranium?
Where might the lady on the sidewalk be going?
Where did this lady get her lunch?
What will the silver paddles sticking out of the red button do once in the air?
What do they have to hit balls over?
Why are the motorbike riders wearing helmets?
What color shirt does the person who threw the frisbee wear here?
What type hat does the owner of this boat prefer appropriately?
What is the boat using to be seen better?
Why is he smiling?
Who is allowed to share and use this space?
What is under the red and white sign?
What is the small white tank most likely filled with?
What is the metal item used as a handbag?
When during the day is this laptop being used?
What is the name of this appliance?
What type of location is this?
Who is most likely the youngest?
Which season game it is?
What is the man wearing?
The woman on the phone has what on her foot?
What kind of sportswear can you buy on the right side of the street?
What gave the cheese that consistency?
What are the first two numbers on the train?
What is the pizza on?
What are the black circular pieces on the front of the train?
Who is sheltered here?
What is the man wearing on his head?
What purpose does the large round item held by the man in yellow serve?
What position is this player playing?
Where is this location?
What is he doing with the horse?
This sign for the airport is most likely in which country?
What mode of transportation would probably be more comfortable for the travelers?
What activity is taking place in this venue?
What keeps the elephants out of the buildings?
Why is the bike attached to the rail?
What venue is this scene?
What are the men on horses dressed as?
What usually goes inside of the item with the lid?
Why is the horse there?
What allows the man to drag his luggage on the ground without getting damaged?
What is to the left of the motorcycles?
What is this type of building called?
What is the old woman doing?
What time is it in this location local time?
What type of area is shown?
How do you say the name of the item on the plate next to the cake in Italian?
What sport is the stick used for?
What type of statue is to the right front of the bench?
What are the animals eating?
What is the area the man is skating in usually called?
What type animal appears to be reading?
What is the name of this sport referred to as in Europe?
What surrounds the land?
In what environment does the apple tree appear to be located?
How many wheels are visible on the large vehicle?
What does the man want to do with the ball?
What is the boy ready to do here?
Why might the man be sitting by himself?
Which one is doing silent work?
What sound do these animals make?
What region of this country does this bus travel in?
Which country is this in?
What is the person in the white shirt ready to do?
What is in the water?
What flavor candy does this player chew here?
These people are most likely to show up as part of the cast for a sequel to what film?
What type of shoes are visible?
What Item is a human most likely to trip over?
What baseball player has the same first name as the name on the player all the way to the left's jersey?
What is the pink object next to the red book used to do?
What is the name of the safety garment the wakeboarder is wearing?
In what year was this company involved in a large scale scandal?
What is the name of the service that can fix sinks?
Why is the ground reflecting light?
What is the man closest to the ground using?
The small truck was customized to fit at least how many people?
What does this animal eat?
What is the window treatment called?
What is the purpose of the crate in this image?
What type of area is this?
What items are facing each other?
Why can't people go down this road at this time?
What nation is this train from?
In what setting is the skater skating?
Where is this crowd of people hanging out?
Which type of writing is wrote on the top of the white banner of the shop closest to the camera?
What sort of place is this room inside of?
What can be gotten at that booth?
What type of career have these horsemen/women pursued?
Where is the horse's head most likely?
What important piece of safety gear is the kid missing?
What are the couple travelling on?
What is the man standing in the boat trying to do?
Which pedestrian is walking safely?
Why is the man wearing an orange jacket?
What is the boy look at across the water?
What number can be found on the plate in the ground all the way to the right?
What is the large rectangular container against the white wall used to collect?
The people riding on the red vehicle on the road can be classified as what type of passengers?
Who does the man communicate with here?
What will she put on the car?
What is near the ball?
What might the yellow vehicle carry?
What does this girl pretend to play here?
What is the woman keeping in the stroller?
What is the white swirly thing?
What can be done with these sauces?
What type of pants is the man in orange wearing?
What item would help the woman in the light tan shirt?
In which sort of event does this woman pose?
What do two of the three men have on?
What kind of thing is hanging on the motorcycle?
What type of piano is the man playing?
How many desk lamps are there?
What country are the Bikers travelling in?
Which sport is played on a similar field?
Where did OG skateboarders develop this style of boarding?
Why is she cooking with wood?
Based on their gear they are most likely competing in what event?
What is the orange object on the woman's foot?
It is time to hit the?
What is the most appropriate surface for this truck to drive on?
What would people call the animals that are being caged?
What s the main property of the red material in the jar on the back table?
What is the man swinging?
How can they be identified?
The man plays a similar sport to what person?
The remote is meant to communicate with what?
What gas causes these lights to glow?
What is this snowboarder in the process of doing?
What items are being shown off most frequently here?
Who is in the bed?
Which of the following is famous for drowning while practicing this sport?
What type trees are shown in the area nearest the red shirted walker?
Where is this desktop computer most likely located?
What is the bottom signal on the light?
What type of lighting surrounds the mirror?
What does Fly Emirates provide to the game?
What will happen to the boy next?
What letter is obscured by the sign after the PHO?
Who founded this school?
What game would one expect to be played in this room?
What is the brown wall behind the group made out of?
From which material is the roofing most visible here sourced?
The feet of the man are placed on what two wheeled object?
What is traveling towards the man?
Why are the top of the rails in front of the train rusty?
Why does he have so much stuff with him?
When was that flavor of beverage relaunched in the United States?
What fruit might this person eat first?
What is the profession of the men in white?
This crumble is most likely what flavor?
Where is the man standing?
What shape is the food?
The type of animal the doll is is the same as what famous character?
What zone is depicted in the photo?
Who folded the toilet paper roll into a point to the left of the sink?
What is the piece of equipment to the left of the monitor?
Where are the people located?
These people are making what kind of food?
What is holding the candles?
What unhealthy ingredient does this food contain the most?
What is to the right of the sink?
What business park does this company operate out of?
The children seen here are helping their family do what?
What number anniversary is being commemorated at this event?
What does the man in white need to use?
Why is the man leaning to his left?
Why are clothes hung here?
What holiday is celebrated during this time of the year?
What country are this breed of cows originally from?
Why is the man wearing an orange jumpsuit?
What religion is associated with her facial decoration?
What kind of service does the white sign promise?
What safety gear will allow the people standing from worrying about getting fatally shot?
What is the person in blue coat doing?
What is the small mirror in this bus called?
What might the temperature be like where they are standing?
Why do people eat this thing?
What human food would these animals be most willing to eat?
What activity are people holding umbrellas taking part in?
What is in the center of the picture?
What profession do the gentlemen in orange wraps belong to?
Which topping contains the most calcium?
What made the grooves seen here?
Who will serve each person their food?
How does what he's looking at differ from reading news on a phone?
What type of water is being served?
Where is the man storing his things?
People in the red car hope to see what today?
What has been done to the watermelon?
Where is this meal served?
Which country is famous for elephants?
What level of skier is this part of the hill designed for?
How many spokes in the umbrella?
What is he doing?
What the is the woman to do?
What could be seen on the other side of this post?
What event caused the tree on the left to look so discolored and bare?
What does this dog focus on?
Who wrote a book whose title matches the word at the front top of the boat?
What do you hang with the thing sitting on the folded blanket?
What word is written on the blue truck?
Why are people looking at the ground?
Why is he leaning forward?
If this bus is in its hometown what is the closest destination?
What is there biggest predator?
How many people are probably sitting down to the meal?
What is the man taking?
What type of hat is the man in the air wearing?
Cats use what body part to hold on tightly to an object while jumping?
Where is the cat located at?
What garment is being worn by this man?
What is the item under the counter?
What is the northern neighboring country of this country?
What substance flies up around this persons right shoe?
This style of food is covered in what substance that transfers to your hands easily?
What are these people doing?
Who are inside cars driving here?
What animal is on the television screen?
What level is this room on?
Why does the green box have wires?
What is the black couch against the wall made out of?
What is the man doing on the bike?
What kind of support sleeves or braces is one player wearing?
How many individual sandwich pieces are in the image?
What action is the man performing with the frisbee?
Where are the elephants located at?
What did the man do to get the plastic bag?
When these animals move what might one hear?
What color jacket is the person wearing closer to another person?
What hobby does the car owner enjoy?
In what nation is this bus found?
The lights of the motorcycles are reflecting off the pavement because of what reason?
The company whose name appears on the can was founded in what year?
What American city is the bus most likely pictured in?
What is the blue back piece of the plane called?
Why is the man under the plane?
Who is throwing the frisbee?
What can often be found under the tree seen here?
How does the woman feel?
Why is the animal that is hooked up to the cart doing?
What is the relationship between the two players?
What bottled water company shares the same name as the plane?
The inflatable display is meant to simulate which winter sport?
Which one of these items would pair well with the items in the photo?
What religion is practised in the visible building?
The woman is doing what?
What are the people in line concerned about?
What athlete plays the same sport the man is playing?
Why are the animals in the enclosed area?
The yellow and green objects are the same what?
Where is the boy visiting?
What company designed this operating system?
In how many directions or orientations are cars parked on either side of the street here?
What lights up this girls lower face?
In which city may you find this street?
What are the women intending to bake?
What are the white objects near the elephants mouth made of?
Is it safe to cross here across division street at this exact time?
What race is this family?
What poisonous gas can be produced here?
What are they showing with this display?
What does the boy come here for?
Who paved this street?
Where is the child doing arts and crafts?
What caused the tomatoes to shrivel up?
Why do jockey's wear helmets?
What is the man riding?
What is in the refrigerator?
What type of trees are growing in this location?
What is the boy doing?
Which animal particularly likes to eat the food she is holding?
Who would be found here?
What color pants is the woman wearing?
What is in the bottle on the left?
What is the green cord or line wrapping under the bike and on the grass?
What type room is this?
What is usually found in this setting?
The antenna on top of the building is used to receive what type of broadcast signal?
What are people doing here?
What is the dominate color of the object the woman is carrying with her left arm?
What is the girl doing?
The symbols are from what culture?
What is the woman using the bowl for here?
Which process has been performed on the closer lady's hair?
How did the snow get on the ground here?
Why is the girl holding the umbrella?
The birthday celebration is occurring during which part of the day?
What is the man dressed in all black and in the middle of the scene holding?
What vehicles are on the street?
Which company has sponsored this event?
What object is the item under the dog linked to?
What is indicated by the marking on the road?
Why is she holding her hands out?
In which type space is cake being cut?
How many flavors available in AquaBall water?
What is the mouse's wife's name?
Which vehicle can carry the most volume of supplies?
What are the tennis balls in the cart for?
Which one of these businesses can use the space advertised?
What is the purpose of the fence?
What plant adds bitterness to this beverage?
What are the toucan and the man going to enjoy?
What are the animals gathering in the middle of?
Why are the cars lined up along the curb?
Where are the boy's hands while batting a baseball?
What is the tall thin thing above the red thing used for?
Why are the men all wearing helmets?
Why are the surfer's hesitant to surf here?
The kite flying looks like what?
What did the person shown here just do?
What is roughly the fastest you could go using anything in this picture?
What is holding down the kites?
What would you get help with if you went into the green Fidelity building?
What type of station is in this area?
Which country's flag is in the middle of the three?
What is the bus doing?
What are the vehicles getting onto?
What allows this machine to be airborne?
What is this type of bike called?
WHat kind of competition is taking place?
Why is the man holding a microphone?
What does the boat at the water's edge run on?
Why is the train so small?
What collar is the leash in the dog at the top?
Where is the person who threw the ball?
How many people can sleep in this room?
How is the small vessel being moved?
If someone bought this house how might they clean their dinner plates most easily?
How will the watercraft user manage to direct themselves toward a goal?
What are the people sitting on?
The person next to the train looks like who?
What is the object on the right side of the top freezer compartment?
What can he do with this ball?
What is the white linen item under the dinnerware called?
What helps propel the person forward at this location?
What will happen if someone leaves their vehicle in front of this sign?
What was used to make their desk?
What prevents the Giraffes from escaping the fence?
What are ships carrying goods called?
In which country is this shop located?
The man who received the first patent for this sport was from which country?
What is the purpose of the little white container?
What are the long poles under the umbrella made out of?
Why is he carrying his surfboard?
Why would the cat lay here?
Why does the man use a rope?
What's seen on the window?
Which company makes the green object here?
What will probably happen next?
Why are the men's coats yellow in color?
What does the object in the image do?
What are the animals doing on the hill?
What did the woman in purple just do?
What profession can be seen?
What letter might she see on the racquet from her perspective?
What indicates that this is a tourist area?
How many days ago was this cake made?
What is the red rectangular box with windows on the right used for?
What is the boy in the blue t shirt climbing?
What city is located in the state that the players in the dugout are from?
Which country headquarters the brand company of the laptop?
What are the white particles around the dog?
The animals that the children are riding belongs to what family of animals?
What type of rice is that?
What is the float in the shape of?
What objects are stored on top of the red vehicle?
What likely made the tracks on the ground?
What kind of ball is the elephant holding?
What should have the guy down with the toilet seat prior to urinating?
What is the man helping the young woman with in the sand?
What is unusual about the animal on the sail?
What kind of power does this train use?
What type of enclosure is shown?
Which object would be grabbed if someone wanted to get a drink of water?
What is the man on the phone doing?
The utensils above are mainly made from?
What is this man doing with this jewelry?
What is the name of the way the man in the street is wearing his pants?
What is taboo to wear with his footwear?
How many uses is the cup container designed for?
What is the bench covered in?
What sex is this man's opponent here most likely?
What country manufactures the goods made by the sponsor under the clock?
Where is the boy most likely to be headed?
Where should the reflective items on the peoples high foreheads really be?
Where is this person located?
What might he have applied before going out there?
What had recently happened when this plane landed prior to this place?
These people are most likely at what kind of an event?
What is causing the faint red and green images in the right straight ahead?
What soft drink is advertised to the left of William Hill?
These children have ancestors most likely from where?
Why does the dog have a party hat tied to him?
What have the girls been doing?
If you wanted to wash clothes near here what would you need?
What is on the placemat next to the woman?
What is the person doing to the cat?
How big is this hot dog compared to the average hot dog?
Which wrong furnishing has the woman put on?
What is the right side of the room mainly used for?
'what time of day is this ultimate frisbee game being played?
What is the man in the yellow shirt playing?
Why is the man wearing a yellow vest?
What type of electronic devices are they using?
Which one is likely to be the daughter?
In which position is the ball being served?
What protective gear should the man wear?
What are the white fin shapes parts on the back of the plane called?
Where are these elephants located?
What is the man about to do?
What type of shop is the one with the woman's picture in a circle on the window?
What is the best material for a skateboard?
What kind of brush is being used?
What kind of sign is shown?
What type of store is this?
The woman using the cell phone traveled to which Caribbean country?
What company is famous for making the item the man has that is covering his legs?
If you want to use this transport what can you feed it?
The kitchen is currently in the process of what residence-related activity?
Where is this man located?
What kind of store are the trucks parked in front of?
Why is the man's shirt yellow?
What will the player do next?
Why is the man holding a phone out in front of him?
What vehicle used for this water transportation?
This dish is usually eaten using what?
What activity is the individual engaging in?
What is the tall white object behind the couch?
What material is this grey boat made of?
Why are there signs hanging from the ceiling?
Why are there ropes attached to the boat?
The car is operating during which season?
What train car is this a virtual depiction of?
What kind of protest is taking place?
What type of trick has the person in blue done?
Where are the people located?
They have appropriate accommodations for which one of these animals?
Why are they under umbrellas?
What are the stacks of newspaper for?
Who manufactured this motorcycle?
In what state was this vehicle operational based on its information screen?
What type bear does the photographer favor?
What is the blue round object sitting on the desk a model of?
What type of building is in the distance?
How did the man get his hair to stand up?
Who is known for playing the same position as the man with the black wristband?
How is dough kneaded here?
What is the man in the centre holding?
Which national flag is in the segment screen of this broadcast?
What is he doing with the frisbee?
Why is he leaning sideways?
What part of his body will be most harmed by the item in his mouth?
Whos is the little elephant likely following?
What is the woman staring at?
What necessary condition hasn't been met for this vehicle to travel?
What terrain is featured here?
What is in the can on the back of the toilet?
What type of problem is happening?
What is the event shown in the picture?
What is the woman on the right holding in her hand?
What in the room has to be changed before new guests arrive?
Why is he holding the umbrella?
What will persons on train most likely do next?
Who will get the point being played?
Why is there a lid on the yellow cup?
What company makes the appliance?
What hair style does the girl in blue have?
What is the flag called that is on the poster in the front window of the bus?
Where is the group focusing their attention?
What is the camera looking at?
What is next to the food?
What item on this hot dog is most unusual?
During which season is the train operating?
Why is the ball above her racquet?
Where can we find the sign above?
Where does pizza come from?
What is being promoted on the right truck?
Which direction are the surfers going?
What is the girl pointing to?
What is the name for the symbols used on the clock?
What is the gold lining in the doorway called?
What is the problem with this picture?
The river here seem to have done what?
What's the name of the skateboarding trick the man is doing?
What can be done with the large flat white object?
What period of the day is reflected in the image?
What is the person wearing?
What footwear company made the grey sneakers?
What are the tan baskets made out of?
Why are they all running in the same direction?
What should the pedestrians do in this situation?
Where is this man located?
How does the man power the small boat?
What session of the day is shown here?
This sandwich is likely high in what?
What is he doing?
What reason is the person wearing black marks under his eye?
What goes in the black pouch clipped to the man's belt?
What company designed the red outfit?
What was someone doing in the bed?
Why does he have the ball?
A digital single lens reflex is normally known as?
How is this guy most likely moving around?
What is the woman doing near the kitchen counter?
What is likely to next touch this cow?
Why is the woman holding her hand to her head?
What part of the flower is covering up the reproductive parts from view?
What do the two people at the ends of each side of the table have in common?
What is next to the sandwich?
What is he doing?
What cartoon is featured on the backpack on the right?
Why can we see his foot through the table?
What is on the plate in the foreground?
What's the man taking a break from?
Why are the cookies on the rack?
How many different kinds of animals are represented by the fluffy toys?
Whose home field stadium is this?
These items that are moving can be referred to as being part of what?
This man looks most like what celebrity?
Why would you look at this building?
What terrain is this?
Which structure was put up most recently?
What drags skiers up the mountain?
To open and close the umbrella the cat is missing what ability?
What is the circular light on the tall building?
What are the smaller animals to the right of the black sheep called?
What is stacked on the table?
Toward what does number 15 run?
What is the woman doing with her legs in preparation to serve the ball?
What does the red X sign signify?
What is the job of this horse?
What is the right lane used for?
What meal is being served?
Why are so many vases together?
What would explain the bad smell here?
What is the relationship of the smaller giraffe to the bigger one?
What will be at the train station waiting for it?
How is electricity being transported?
What body part is protected by the attachment on the helmets they are wearing?
What are the rectangular objects above the handlebars?
What sort of creature is the large kite made to resemble?
The female player is making what shot?
What is in the little white plastic containers?
The item the man is sitting on is likely made of what?
What event are the animals taking part in?
Why is the man wearing a glove?
What does the number 56 signify here?
What type of biking event is being held here?
What are these people doing with their cellphones?
What group of people are they likely to be?
What is on the skateboarder in the middle's head?
What type of phone is being used?
What type of area is this?
What type of floor has been laid in the kitchen?
What would one see if the red item is removed?
Which drink is a sponsor of the event?
In case of fire which direction would one turn the pentagonal nipples on the hydrant shown here?
What aisle of the grocery store might this product be found?
Who is the man holding hotdogs?
Who created the first successful vehicle of this type?
Where are bananas from?
What is the color of chair?
How is the food item shown here prepared?
What type of labeling is on the barrel?
What is he ready to do?
What kind of transportation is shown?
What is the color of second vehicle?
What kind of bike is this?
Which finger of the man's right hand is obscured?
What does the top-right board display?
What will the white material on this surfer's face prevent?
What would someone use this room to do?
What profession is shown here?
What hat was the woman just wearing?
What is the woman doing?
What action will put the man playing skateboard at risk?
In which state do these boarders walk?
What type of view do the passengers have?
Behance network has done most projects on which mobile?
In which setting is this clock?
What field are these people in?
What kind of parking is available?
What are the red planters on the left made from?
What are the wires above the train for?
In what type of housing complex is this kitchen part of?
What effect appears on the jacket of the cyclist behind the bus?
What style apartment is this?
The clock is on a building that has the name of what on it's side?
What type of food is on top of the bread?
One of the athletes drinks in the refrigerator contains what substance that increases the body's ability to generate energy?
What is shown on the front of the bus?
What body of water is this likely to be?
What animals can be seen in this picture?
Why is the man in short sleeves walking near the bus?
His outfit is well suited for what setting?
What are his fingers touching?
What state is this in?
What move has the player just used?
What is the average size of the neck of this animal?
What spread is on the toast?
Where is this man and child sitting?
What is the wooden structure for?
What is on the wall above the TV?
What emotion is the woman feeling?
How many functional keys in the keyboard?
Why is the woman wearing the covering around her neck?
Why is the boy standing on one leg?
Why is the man reaching under his leg?
What is the blue box used for?
What is the object hanging underneath the roof eave?
What color skin does the tartest fruit seen here have?
What are the breaded items?
What type of food is the yellow item at the back of the bowl?
The man in black is dressed like what star?
Asphalts are used to construct what?
Which acid is present in orange?
The destination on the top of the bus is a city in what country?
What activity is the woman participating in?
What cloth item hangs next to the man?
What type of parking is shown?
What is the worker doing?
What type items are the focus of the work here?
What is the glass container likely to be?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What is closest to the person?
What does the circular sign below the left traffic light mean?
How many people are probably getting ready to dig into the desserts?
How many different flavors of pizza did they order?
Why is he smiling?
What color are the spots on the fruits?
What building or structure is the electric train underneath of?
What is the bowl made from?
Where is the person walking?
What is the tallest item here?
Why might the dog be near the tub?
What action are they taking?
Why is he standing like that?
What type vehicle does this sign refer to?
What time of day is shown here?
What does the open store on the left sell?
What are these types of bags primarily used for?
What vehicle is boarded in this building?
What might this trick's technique be called?
What country is this station located at?
Where is this parking structure located?
What has this piece of pottery been repurposed as?
Why is the woman in purple with the purple purse holding up her right hand?
Why are the umbrellas hung upside down?
What does this bus have a connection to?
What is the elephant doing?
What kind of horseback riding style is this?
What types of signs are shown?
What kind of skateboard ramp is this?
Where would more well known government workers work here?
What color is the wetsuit of the woman who is standing on the surf board?
How many species rest here?
What kind of place is this?
What side dish would compliment his food quite well?
What boy would feel at home among these characters?
What size helmet does a 6 year old need?
What is primarily done on the furniture in the background?
What does this store sell?
What weather phenomena wouldn't threaten this boy?
How many hours until midnight?
What publication did this magazine start out as?
What type of headwear is the boy in white wearing?
What country is this street found in?
Where is this elephant located?
Where are the people located?
What enables these people to go faster on the street?
Who are these people?
What is the person with the kite doing?
What creature does this animal like to feed on?
What is the net in front of the spectators there for?
In what area is this chair located?
What is safest to touch without being burned?
This person is wearing what type of orthodox headwear?
How did the woman come here?
What age group is most represented at this location?
What vessel is needed to serve these foods?
What is the person in the carriage most likely looking for?
When did two companies merge into this one bank?
What color shirt does the person opposing the wii woman in black?
What color building material is popular for construction here?
Who is the person sitting high above the tennis net?
Why is one person wearing a uniform?
What color is most of the fruit?
Who is this area designed for?
What is the man trying to do to the bird?
What type of vehicle is in front of the building?
What letter is on the bumper?
What part of the country is he riding on?
What part of the bench has been removed?
What are they looking at?
What is available on this meal among the following ingredients options?
Who is most likely named Laurent?
What is the pattern of the tablecloth?
What are the people waiting to do?
What animal is in the photo?
What are the kids here going to do?
What country is this vehicle associated with?
Why is this food unhealthy?
How are her shoes tightened?
If the boy overeats he will get what kind of body ache?
What time of day is it?
What is different about the batter from most other batters?
Where would you most likely see this type of pizza served with wine?
How many cakes needed to cool down before adding a creamy glaze to it?
What are the construction barrels filled with?
What category of pizza would this fall into?
What powers the lights here?
Why is the man's vest orange?
What are these animals called?
What color range is shown in the image?
What field do the men work in?
What is the likely flavor of these muffins?
What are the men doing?
What is the cow doing?
What event is happening here?
What kind of room is this one?
What kind of scale is used here?
What is this type of cooking called?
The man listed was Mayor of what city?
What drink is normally put in the white cups on the table?
Which vehicle is most likely to have more than 10 passengers?
Where are the cats playing?
Why does he have goggles on?
Where is LG main headquarters?
What mechanism is the seat attached to?
What section of the grocery store is this?
Why is the girl wearing a helmet?
What is she doing?
Adidas multinational brand is belongs to which country?
What is the driver doing?
What is the toddler about to do?
How many scatters partially skate on one wheel?
What month of the year is represented by the number on his bike?
What area is shown here?
How does the seated man think the standing man is acting?
What is the tall fence for?
What does the man do with the object around his neck?
Why is the zebra moving its head to the ground?
What is the snowboarder doing in the air?
What is the young girl using the pink object in her hand to do?
What country is represented on the surf board?
Who has priority on the crossing when the light is red?
In what kind of room is this bed?
Which person has exposed to the sun the most?
To which direction of the woman is the sun located?
Donuts sprinkles are made up of what?
What will the person here do with the ball?
What is another sport that takes place in this sort of environment?
What is the man attempting to do with the device in his hand?
How does the stuff collected on the ski change when warm?
What do they have attached to their feet?
Why is the child sitting next to the cake?
Why is the dog on the other dog?
Which person seen here goes faster over time?
What happens if you leave your car parked here an hour and a half?
What tubed type cured sausage is seen here?
Which lane may this car continue forward on?
What will this tent offer protection from?
Where is the water pouring on the umbrella coming from?
What is the two people's relationship?
What protective gear does the man in yellow have?
What item is drawn on the cake?
What is the woman in the chair's role?
What type of dog is this?
What are the stuffed animals shaped like?
What type of shot is the man hitting?
Why is the man holding a plastic bag?
Which hormone is responsible for sleep?
What type of sign is this?
Which animals here are being penned?
What are the objects placed on?
The work of art on the large wall is meant to look like something that cooks what?
What is near the trees?
Hawes Garage is the repairing center of?
What kind of setting is this venue?
What type tooth is this youngster lacking?
Which people first brought this animal to the Americas?
What is she doing?
What is up against the wall at the left?
What might the man's profession be?
Why is he sitting on the bench?
Why does the animal want to go elsewhere to feed itself?
What cartoon character is the man dressed as?
What birds are seen in flight here?
What's the area where the people are walking called?
What forest animal might one associate with the fruit here?
Why is he holding the bat behind him?
Where are these bikes located?
Which continent headquarters this airline company?
What is an alternate spelling for the name on the license plate?
Where is the sun with respect to the person wearing red coat?
What items are found on the wall?
Why should this cat be scared?
What country is it?
Which cupcake is alcohol-free?
WHat flower is on the man's blazer?
What does the man here look at?
What is the man's job?
How many cooks prepared meals in this kitchen today?
What is making the man hold the sign?
What is the man in the blue shirt holding?
What is the long pipe in the ground most likely used for?
What is this type of scene called?
Why is the bicyclist in the right side of the car?
Why is it glowing red?
How are the knives able to hang on the wall?
Storing the items in the water prevents them from what?
Where are these vehicles located?
Around what body part is this person likely to wear the items he holds?
How do these people know each other?
What type food is more likely served here?
To shop at this mall one must book a ticket to which state?
What will happen to the refrigerator next?
Why are the vehicles so old?
How old are the animals in this photograph?
What is inside the items being upheld here?
For what purpose is this bike being exhibited?
What is the man playing about to do?
What is the woman ready to do?
What is the person dress in black's job?
The persons here are inside what?
What temperature is the item held by the girl when in fullest use?
What athlete has a last name that is similar to the name of the street?
What is missing from the white girls mouth?
Where could the person quickly get a great tropical fruit to add to their home made ice cream?
What will cars do when they reach the light?
The hats signify their status as what?
Where are the people?
What word can be spelled using three of the letters on the red sign?
What type of truck is this?
When choosing which water to swim in which color water here seems safer?
What are the red vegetables at the bottom right?
What is the man wearing the black apron doing?
What are they doing?
The instrument in the picture is used to play for?
What sort of weather happens here frequently?
What type of boats are these?
The person operating this computer works in what type of position?
What country is the athlete from?
What single item is most out of place?
Where does the bus go next?
What is the relationship between the two players?
What style of umbrella is seen here?
Why is the train stopped?
Why is the man laying on the ground?
What type of potato is on the plate?
What must the weather be like in this area?
What does the container hold?
What is the name of the file that is playing?
Where is someone working?
What does it look like someone spilled here?
What is the sky producing?
What seasonings are visible?
What is the name of the sports equipment the three players are holding?
Who likely packed this persons bags?
Where is this ramp located?
What is the child protecting themselves from with the umbrella?
What are the metal objects hanging from the ceiling?
What type of building are they in?
What major gaming franchise is being advertised on the window?
What is the average size of skateboard?
What type of shot is the girl hitting?
What type of area is shown?
What type of monster is the man trying to be?
What is the next color for the traffic light?
What color shown here is most unique?
What type of location is this?
What is the size of the buildings?
Which way is the skateboard most likely to fall?
What item is painted in an unconventional color?
What does the sign say?
Why is he wearing this suit?
What is the monitor sitting on top of above the desk?
In what state does the person skateboard here?
What is the woman wearing sleeveless shirt doing?
The bus in the background is going to the home of which endangered animal?
What is the yellow object with blue legs?
What activity are the people on the beach doing?
What are the plates made from?
At this intersection how many directions of traffic are required to first stop before proceeding?
Why are the umbrellas different colors?
What kind of activity is on the image above?
What is associated with this sport?
What type of meat is most visible near the front of the glass?
The woman must look at what to ensure the frisbee goes the right direction?
What is the man drinking under the Phone sign?
What color hair does the woman at the back of this quartet have?
How was the skater able to elevate the skateboard?
What did the man most likely use the giant scissors for?
What does the surfer need to ride that only the water can produce?
Which lass of nutrient is missing in the meal in the above picture?
Why would someone sit at this area?
Where can you find this animal?
What bathroom is it on the right?
What type of bread is on the sandwich?
For whom is the paved path used?
Approximately how many people live in this city?
What is the name of the sporting item the man hold in his hand?
What are these birds called?
Where is the man in?
What type tobacco product will the person who sits here smoke?
In what country are these people?
What does the logo of the automobile company represent?
What does the plastic do here?
What style will this player return the ball in?
How many legs is this insect known to have?
What kind of bird flies over the boys head?
Why is the woman in the white jacket wearing a helmet?
In which country could you find this street?
What time of day is it?
What is the man to the right directing?
The round object on the right table would be useful in which class?
What sort of shop is this?
How many colors of ring does players have?
Where do the boards in this picture go while being used?
What is teeth of the elephant?
What event is this horse rider participating in?
Those horsemen work for which entity?
What has made the sandwiches to look shiny?
What is the white substance in the middle of the plate used for?
What weather event happened recently?
What type environment are these fruits grown in?
The man with the bat is from what country?
What kind of person does this statue depict?
Whys is she holding the racquet like that?
What method do these vessels shown here normally gain movement?
What is the vehicle following when in motion?
What was the original name of the restaurant?
Where are the birds going?
The device connected to the silver laptop is doing what activity to it?
What holds the rocks together?
This animal is usually found where?
What action is the man wearing blue hat doing?
What allows these people to move passively?
What is being done to the objects in the sink?
What type of plane is being boarded?
Why are the bananas laying out on the blanket?
What is the man who is squatting prepared to do?
Where is this scene likely to take place?
What Pantone is Coca Cola red?
These animals usually live where?
What does the woman stand on here?
What is the white stuff on the food?
What is the main purpose of the train shown?
The person is riding what?
What type trees are visible on this mountain?
Which television character is the same color as this truck?
What protection does an umbrella offer here?
Why is she holding the newspaper?
What has the man on his stomach done?
Why does he have his arm out?
What might be happening on this street?
What superhero's logo is printed on a wallet in front of the Visa sign?
What type of location is this?
What are the objects that are in a line doing?
What venue is shown here?
How many men are wearing a tie?
What type of dog is riding with the man?
What are the cement blocks in the sea for?
What time of year is it here?
How might the train's orientation be altered here?
During what time of year is this bus driving around?
What unusual design does his tie have?
What are the orange vegetables?
The yellow embedded items along the roadside are meant to help people using it to what?
What are these animals known for?
What level of education have these two achieved?
What part of the game of baseball is this person preparing to do?
What might cause the property values of the houses to stay low in this location?
Why is he leaning like that?
What's the area where the man is taking a photo from called?
What is the quotient of each individual digit shown?
In what year did this soda company resume business in Myanmar?
Why does the boy have his leg on the tree?
What do these kids hope for?
What vehicle is winning the race so far?
Where is the woman's foot resting?
Why is the pavement so shiny?
What is the man likely to add to the hotdogs in this scene?
What are the people laying down on the left side doing?
Why is the girl hunched over in bed?
Why has everyone been seated?
In which country does this festival occur?
How are the men moving around here?
Why has the man covered his head?
What time of day is it in this image?
What are the people on the bench doing?
What will the racquet be used for?
What zone are the people in?
How is the transportation method operated?
Why are all the people in front?
Which AEW wrestler is most likely to be from the continent where the symbols on the kite come from?
What kind of shop is shown in the background?
How do these people know each other?
What happens in the ball goes over the yellow barrier?
What kind of light are they using?
What do they hope you will do after you rest?
What is the most likely location for all of the dogs to be at?
What type of sign is this?
What is the slowest vehicle here?
What animal would this creature try to prey on?
What type of persons are featured here?
What fruit is next to the eggs?
What is the flag made of?
What look does the man have on his face?
Where do the kites owners control their toys from?
What are the birds doing near the lamb?
What are cross country ski poles made of?
Why are they wearing those jackets?
When the rain stops how will this umbrella be stored?
Why liquid ammonia is used in refrigerator?
Who is this picture can you clearly see is wearing a face mask?
Which legume is being served in this dish?
What have the people on the crossing violated?
What game is usually played on this court?
What place is famous for having islands where this type of sport takes place?
Why is he running?
What does number twenty want to do?
What is the boy doing with the black ball?
Who is joining the boy on his bed?
What activity is the person wearing checks engaged in now?
What type of art is this?
What is unique about these animals?
What name can be formed from the last three letters at the top of the bus?
What venue is in the background?
What sort of vehicles are being raced here?
What classification is this scene devoid of?
What is hauled by this type of truck?
What type of animals are these?
Who is guiding the elephant?
Which country is famous for kite festival?
What is the person using their monitor for?
Why do kites have tails?
What type of transportation is shown?
What are they all doing?
Why are the two holding the umbrellas standing in the tunnel?
What street is this event happening on?
How do the people know each other?
What problem are the apartment dwellers likely to face?
What country is famous for exporting the fruit that is on the counter?
What country brand is this product?
The stuff being dipped into resembles what canned food brand sauce?
What is the person on the ramp doing?
The monitor shows the lock screen from which OS?
What type of ring is the woman on the end wearing?
What is stacked on the middle plate?
What company is on the t-shirt on the right?
What kind of flying toys are being sold at this stall?
What are they doing with the luggage?
Why are the boats stationary?
What might the person here be reading?
Why might this longest food be unappealing to some?
How is the engine on this motorcycle cooled?
Why does the man holding the umbrella have very red lips?
What OS is the baby interacting with?
What does the antenna on the blue object to the right of the monitor transmit?
Why is there water everywhere?
The player swinging has the same dominant hand as what person?
What is the purpose of the long pole?
Wii remote console is designed for what?
What movie is advertised on the bus?
What type of birds are in the top images?
What type tracks do the trains here run upon?
Who manufactured the silver vehicle?
What does it look like the stuffed animal is doing?
What type of computer is the desktop in this image?
What does the small sign on the pole imply?
What is the location needed for this hobby?
How can the juice be extracted from these fruits?
What does the man in Red focus on here?
Where did the man in blue get food from?
What is the name for stuffing animal heads?
Why is there a blue tarp on the roof of the building?
What is the fridge decorated with?
What kind of fuel does the elephant use?
Why are the two wearing aprons?
Where is this jersey along with the other items probably displayed?
The item the woman is holding is similar to what?
What is this an image of?
What place is shown in the photo?
How far into the season is this game?
What is the most common usage of the black container?
What is being done on the table the cat is on?
Where does this water come from?
Why is the plane there?
What establishment at one time sold items for as low as a nickel?
What type of gathering does this appear to be?
How might the food taste if you dumped the entire contents of the clear container near her onto the food?
Why is he bent over?
What are the trees with one thin trunk called?
What is the yellow sign called on the chest of the rider?
When would the brown food in front of the man be served?
The clouds in the sky depict that a is coming?
What do the images show?
What is the grey object on top of the Star Wars book used for?
Can the car go back the way it came from this spot?
What is the difference of these two cats?
Why are the animals wearing colored shirts?
What form of heat does this space have?
How are these vehicles propelled forwards?
What is the man in very dark green and blue shoes doing with the frisbee?
What two general types of trees are shown?
What does the item with silver doors regulate?
What beverage are they most likely consuming?
What is he about to do?
In which country does this bus travel?
What do persons here do?
If you were riding one of these how could you stop it?
What is the child telling the man?
Where is the person walking?
The purpose of the train car behind the train engine is to hold what?
Why is the man holding onto the ski?
What type of weather is the woman holding the umbrella protecting them against?
What type of activity was the vehicle here designed for originally?
What action is he taking with the board?
What are the green veggies on the sandwich called?
What is the silver object on the green napkin used for?
What are the horses doing?
Who employs the man in the yellow vest?
How many people are visible?
What are the elephants doing?
What is the usual method to pay for parking here?
What is the person to the far left sitting on?
Human beings can exercise their freedom of speech by forming together to partake in what?
What is the train parked outside of?
What kind of label is on the desk?
What should the far away vehicles do seeing this traffic light?
How many cows are mostly white in the image?
What vehicle could all of these people fit in?
What are these buildings mostly made of?
Who do the bikes likely belong to?
What is the country of origin of pigs in a blanket?
What facial expression is the man in the red jacket exhibiting?
What is the cameraman most at risk of getting hit by?
What does the athlete have around both of his arms?
The pattern on the shoes looks like what?
What is the player ready to do?
What does the information on the blue legged placard describe?
What relation are the two adult men shown in context to the boys?
What event are these snowboarders competing in?
What is the name of a band with this number of members?
Where is this vehicle parked?
What country would this plane hail from?
These animals are in a formation that is reminiscent of what sport?
How many giraffes can clearly be seen grazing in the area?
What type of event is being held?
What holiday is likely being celebrated here?
What is the poster on the front of the bus advertising?
What are her boots made from?
What is the fork next to?
Where are these people walking?
What is the man who stands doing?
What is the elephants trunk doing?
Why does the small child have a moustache?
What athlete had the same number that the man on the right has on his arm?
The controllers are fashioned like a weapon that can do what?
In which state is this street located?
How are these people related to each other?
In which location are these children?
What type of pizza is on the plate?
What plant family is this vegetable in?
Which side of the image is the warmest?
How is the woman carrying her bag in the rain?
What is the man using the device in his hand to do?
Which team does the catcher play for?
Why does this animal like this location?
What type of transportation is being used?
What bird genus is shown here next to the horse?
What doors are seen in the background?
How will the person here get back to where they started?
Who watches these people while they board on snow?
Where is the baggage being loaded onto?
What type of tennis is being played here?
Where is the man wearing a red jacket standing at?
What is in the bowls?
From whom did the person with the mouth partly open most recently buy something?
What type of weather could most likely happen soon?
Why is the boy throwing the Frisbee toward the metal cage?
Which country is the word above apparel referring to?
Why is the cat sitting here?
What numbered player last touched the ball?
What is the silver object made of that the man is carrying?
Students at this college can go where riding this bus?
What type of street is this?
Which chair is closer to the camera?
Where will the vehicle on the right take you?
What item might mislead someone into thinking the man is royalty?
What could the style of this room be considered?
What are the seats behind the man called?
What is the cat resting its head on?
How many other people are playing besides these two?
Which item provides the most protein to the consumer?
What is this type of swing called?
What is the hanging basket for?
What will be missing after the truck leaves?
What is the best place to cut this meat?
What is the species of the item wearing yellow farthest to the left and on top of the blue board?
What animal is the meat portion of this dish from?
Which display technology is utilized by the television on the stand?
Why type of laptop is the person using?
What is this bakery item called?
What purpose does the weight in the back serve?
What language are they likely speaking?
Trichloroethylene or tetrachloro ethylene is reason for what?
Why are they looking at the child on the board?
What is the girl doing with the orange object?
What piece of equipment is in the window?
What emotion is the man in the red tie feeling?
Who manufactured the car on the right?
Who is the man crouching behind the catcher?
Which direction did the skater just come from?
What is the nature of the nearest advertisement?
Which one of these is another flavor of this type of beverage?
What type of language would someone in this area speak?
What is the largest kite flying made to resemble?
What is the possible threat faced by the people?
What is the item on the table?
Where might you find the square blue item in a house?
What kind of kite it is?
Why is he out of focus?
What type of weather is present here?
Why do cats chase objects?
What is the nearest business shown here?
What event are the people attending?
For which reason might traffic be stopped or controlled here?
What natural event is seen here?
What kind of activities are related to the tools held by the people?
This truck is probably delivering what?
How many calories does that sweetener have?
What kind of tag hangs from the child in red's jacket?
What is the main function of the bed?
What kind of signs are shown?
What type of truck is shown?
What species of animal are the largest mammals here?
The item next to the water bottle is usually used in what setting?
What course of the meal is this man eating?
Who is the away team?
What structure surrounds the animals?
How many of the pillows on the bed are unintended for sleeping?
What marks this safe crossing area?
What does the woman here sign?
Which item can be directly touched and eaten?
What are the zebras doing?
What is the purpose of the colored lights?
Why is the man looking down at his hand?
What company made the shoes the boy is wearing?
What is the woman doing to the pastry?
How old is this boy?
What is the bowl holding the fruit made from?
The man in white t-shirt is participating in what type of competition?
What style hat is this photographer wearing?
What faces the most danger of getting hurt if people go to ride the bikes?
What United States city is the book about with the blue spine on the middle shelf?
How will the scissors move next?
What type of event is this?
The chain prevents what from happening?
What weather emergency happens if the water continues to spray?
Where will the person who kicked the ball land?
What is Norway's national sport?
What are surfboards made out of?
What time is shown?
The area outside the building would be described as what by a person?
What sort of bird meats are sold in this large building among other things?
Why have these people come to the beach?
Where is he most likely to land?
To which direction is the dog staring at?
What could be making it more difficult for the heron to catch fish?
In what was the item shown here prepared?
What hair accessory is the player wearing to keep his hair out of his face?
What type of net is being played over?
Williams-Bala is located in which country?
The monitors on the desk are displaying which OS?
Why is this motorcycle in front?
What is in the water?
What does the green sign mean?
What seafood is the man enjoying outdoors?
Why is there a saddle on the elephant?
Which body part seen here had historically been used to construct a Piano Part?
What skill level do most snowboarders here have?
What is the cover on the back of the truck called?
What type of environment is this?
Why was the white car abandoned in the street?
What is the source of smoke?
When stopped what part of the smaller bus might most frequently pop out away from it's side?
What material is the floor made of?
What does the blue sign mean?
What items are obviously artificial here?
Who was behind the saving of the market in 1971?
What is causing the dog to rest his head on the side of the boat?
How do these people travel here?
Where in the house are they likely planning to dine?
What type of energy is being used by the stove?
Turning this faucet to the right produces what temperature water?
What does the truck with the box topped scissor lift carry?
What is the pig here entered in?
What type of activity are the elephants doing?
What are the logs in front of the people for?
The animals are identified by a system using what color here?
Why is there a blanket on top of the elephant?
What is the man jumping up to do?
Where was this food made?
What does the brownish green stuff bring to the beach?
How many items in the living room may have to share an outlet with the laptop?
Why is he wearing a tie?
What type of seating would one expect to find in this building?
What type of telephone does this person have?
What is the slang term for this male athlete's hairstyle?
What type of animals are shown?
What is the most likely reason the street is filled with bicyclists?
This animal has a long what?
In what state was the oven manufacturer founded?
In what year did this company go public?
What are the boaters going to do at their destination?
What type of drink is the lady holding?
What does the child imagine his toy bear does now?
Where is this cake and woman located?
What might the man do with the white object?
The meat in the bun is most likely harvested from what?
What school does this boy attend?
What is the man moving to avoid?
What was done to the rice before mixed with the broccoli?
What treat does pictured animal like?
What are these girls allowed to feed any ducks here they see?
What action is the tennis player doing?
What citrus fruit is atop the fried food?
The cat underneath the chairs is present in what type of store?
What are the vehicles attempting to do?
Why are the skiers crouched over?
Which of these four sinks from left to right should the man definitely avoid?
Why are both of them wearing cloth on their foreheads?
Which way is the person taking this photo facing in relation to the mirror?
How is this four wheeler operated?
What type people ride on this train?
Who is the man in the black pants watching so intently?
How many teams compete here?
What is the make of the blue pickup truck?
What is the red thing held by the man?
What is partially blocking this image?
What country might be close off to the left?
What skill level are these two women in?
What does the child hold in her hands?
How many stars does this flag have in total?
What relationship is held between the two in white?
The player with the bat shares the same last name as what person?
What breed of dog is depicted on the toy and actual dog?
Why is the item in plastic?
What types of fruits does the vendor here specialize in?
According to the layout how far are they into eating?
Where was tennis invented?
What relation is the child in pink to the woman in white?
What types of trees are these?
What are wineglasses typically made of?
Why is the racer wearing blue outfit?
What may blend in on the bed and be tough to find?
The train is currently carrying cargo during which season?
What happened to the tide that allowed the yellow boat to list so?
Where can you most likely catch a ride nearby?
Which motion is the man in green carrying out?
How many bowls are containing food on top of the table?
In what setting is the man probably unveiling the giant donut?
What do they sell in the building with the Swan sign?
How will they feel when they stand upright?
What are skis made of?
What is the upright blue bin intended for?
What celebrity has a first name that is the same name as the red item in this tomato free sandwich?
What are the little round vegetables called?
What is the man doing to the pole?
Which object on one of the boats would help someone prepare for rain?
What is on the wall?
Which national museum is in the vicinity?
What will the person eating this enjoy as dessert?
What stuff in the photo is edible?
What causes the red vehicle to move?
What fruit is in the bright blue bag?
What do these players try to hit with a ball?
What's the name of the wooden structure the woman is sitting on?
What type of sport is being played on the truck?
What type of drink is in the cup?
Which direction is Henry Street?
Why are the stuffed animals on display?
What are the people watching here?
What could the condition of the terrain be described as?
Why is the area in the room roped off?
What is the weather like outside here?
What type of seafood is being served?
What is a male of the larger animals called?
What is the woman lighting?
Why is the woman blowing on the mug?
What is the purpose of the electrical device that is turned off?
How many kinds of fruit are in the bowl?
Why is the man aiming a glove at the ground?
What is in this swimming pool?
Which direction will the skateboarder next go?
What is the sports equipment shown called?
What is on the back of the right motorcycle?
What is a country that is famously a host to this sport?
Why are they all on the bench?
What is to the left side?
What is the original name for the type of print that is on his bandana?
This animal is part of what class?
What is likely the most expensive vehicle to ride in?
What part of the world are the skiers most likely in?
What does the tallest structure provide?
Why is the dog on the table making the cake unsafe for the girl?
What country is the photo from?
What are they doing?
What area is the train entering?
What is the status of the boat?
Why is there water in the glass containers?
What is he looking at?
What is the piece of equipment on the left side of the desk used for?
What type shop is this?
In what capacity is the person pulling the horse likely acting?
What do the white markings on the road allow for here?
On what continent was the surfboard made?
In which section of the supermarket is this man standing?
Why is she holding an umbrella in dry weather?
Where are the animals?
What is the style of sandwich on the plate?
The man eating the pizza has what type of skin condition on his face?
Where is this meeting likely taking place?
What is the red button used for?
What physical danger could she face if she was stuck in the cold with no winter apparel?
What does the fur resemble?
What is on the floor next to the van?
For whom does this woman work?
In which city of the United states consist of this monument?
What animal is the picture on the truck of?
What brand of Oats have they purchased?
What type of train is this?
What type of hat is the man in the tank top wearing?
What is winning the race so far?
Who is the batter?
What is the name of this game?
Why is the man holding onto the pole?
How might cars cross the water seen here?
Which of these foods fall out of the cruciferous food group category?
What are the women in the lower right doing?
What is this player getting ready to do?
What liquid do you put in the things that are hanging upside down?
What type of transportation are they using?
What style of sunglasses are on the man's face?
What type of area is this?
What order does this animal belong to?
What type of space is this?
Who played a similar sport to this woman?
This flag is belongs to which country?
The flying objects are made of what material?
What are the people standing beside?
What are the seating areas of the benches made from?
What climate do persons await the train in?
What team is practicing?
What is the body of water in the background called?
What are the pink flowers on the trees called?
What theme seems to have inspired the painting of the surfboards?
The last word on the poster on the right is most likely pronounced similarly to what?
What is this device used for?
What type of people are show?
Where Tapestry is located?
What is the old man doing with the white device in his hand?
What is the purpose of this bus?
What are the red tables under the red roofed structures?
Where is this bike parked?
This child has a picture of what animal on their vest?
Which American automobile manufacturer made the red truck?
Which level do the people go to?
What would you call this type of fruit seller?
What food is the colorful ingredient put onto?
What liquid goes through the hose on the ground?
What demographic of people use this lounge area the most?
What style of pizza do they serve?
Which letters are missing from the sign?
What propels this craft forward?
What is the best way to cook a cucumber?
This bus is part of what?
What is the far end of the pool called?
The exposure makes the woman look like what?
What type of refrigerator would this be called?
What is the logo on the bear?
What is the person standing here keeping?
What is the thin brown pole on the stand made from?
How are these images related?
Who is the man in the white platform?
What is the safest motorcycle jacket?
What chore does the woman perform?
Where could the man in the scooter cross the street?
Thy are they lined up?
What sauce will be added to the meat?
What city is this train station located in?
What vegetable is toxic to horses?
What is he doing with his fist?
What is the relationship between the two tennis players in this situation?
Where is this cat located?
What type of sign is shown?
Who wrote the book whose name appears on the boat?
What might have stopped her from walking further forward?
What do the separate traffic lights signal?
What kind of ground are these people sitting on?
What utensil is missing?
What kind of service was this?
What is she doing wrong?
The longboarders are skating on the road during which season of the year?
What object in the photo helped Newton realize gravity?
Why is she wearing gloves?
What is the vent on top of the stove for?
The animals are all doing what with their bodies?
How many different species are feeding directly from this plate?
Why is the skateboard hanging off the pipe?
What do you call the man with the white hat and jeans?
What companies logo can be seen on the white building?
Which animal look different than the cows in the picture?
What type of fork is included with the meal?
What is the woman doing with the electronic device in her hand?
Why is the girl so close to the baby?
What style of motor vehicle can be seen on the right?
What is missing from this picture?
Which one of these foods is most likely to be served by the waitress?
What type of matchup is this?
What extra parts did the rider add to the front of the motorcycle that will ensure better visibility?
What feeling do these cats seem to be portraying?
What poses the most danger for the cow?
The bands worn by the people indicate that they paid for what event?
Which NFL team is represented by the bear in green and yellow?
What material is the stuffy animal made of?
How would one feel in the foreground as opposed to in the background?
What does the bridge cross?
Why are umbrellas being used today?
What type of trees are most visible here?
What is he wearing on his feet?
What other food is most likely to be sold here?
What is the elephant missing on its right side?
What is the man who is using the laptop probably actually doing?
What is happening to this person?
They are prepared for what phenomenon?
If you needed to watch John Oliver on TV where would you patronize here?
Which car is stopped before white line?
What is the weather like in the image above?
What genus is this animal?
What is a term used in this sport?
Why are they wearing gloves?
What type of conversation is he having?
Why are the men in yellow coming from the bottom of the plane?
What does the bottom red light prohibit?
What is the main means of getting around here?
What does the company that made the hats on the meter make?
Why is the pottery placed on the shelving?
What causes this woman's smokey eyes?
What color is the fruit located under the bananas?
What type of buildings are in the background?
What is between the is the fence made of?
Where do apples originate from?
What is the white object in the ground in front of the animals?
The small person here learns how to do what?
What are dwellings made of here?
What do people walking on the sand leave behind with their every step?
The man looks like he is headed to what kind of job?
Why is the man kneeling on the ground?
What is the name of this game?
What is this kid playing in?
Why do the horses run?
What type of egg dish is shown?
What is the yellow can being placed in?
Which fruit has the special offer?
What activity is the person doing?
To what is the string connected that is held by the Man?
What emotion does the cat appear to be expressing?
What meal is shown here?
What setting is this photo located in?
What species animal died so that this meal could be prepared?
What color is the person who is responsible for the safety of the two girls on horseback wearing?
Why is the man on the counter?
Which numbered biker seems to be leading the pack?
What are the poles helping the man on the right do?
What probably wrote on the largest white surface?
The brown ground is made of what material?
What is the giant fish in the air?
The player with the number 51 jersey plays for what team?
What did the child do which is displayed by her?
Why does the kneeling man crouch low?
Which vegetable is reddest here?
Which item contains a lot of potassium?
What is touching the dog?
Which train is safest to board for those on our right?
Why are the bananas hung up on poles?
Where does he like to play?
Kunst-Wet is a Brussels metro station located in which country?
Which one of these would one expect to find in this building?
What is the official language of this airline's country?
This man is standing on what?
What is the lap top controlling here?
Why are the cinnamon buns white?
What keeps water from splashing out of the tub?
What is directly under the green item here?
What is the name of the company the truck belongs to?
What are these banners promoting?
Which way is illegal to turn on the upcoming cross street?
What type of service does this vehicle provide?
What brand is the motorcycle?
The men here are aiming for what type goal to score in?
What sort of utensil will the diner use to eat this slice?
What is the man wearing?
The man wearing what color of shirt enforces the rules of the game?
What is the man using his dogs for on this hike?
Why does the large truck stop here?
What is in front of the children?
When travelling this road for safety what should you allow to cross first?
What sort of vessel occupationally binds the people marching here?
What type of food do this animal drink?
What material is the pizza plate made of?
How do the two old people feel?
What is the man in the red helmet about to do?
What is the most popular type of yarn?
What is the woman in green doing?
What do the umbrellas offer those who sit here?
Where is this bus headed next?
What does the horse have near its eyes?
Where is the building pictured above located?
Where do pandas come from?
How do they communicate with each other when they are far?
What is the man in black doing?
This pool is mainly for what swimmers?
What is the man doing here?
Why are the people travelling on the train?
What is happening in this venue?
What is the emotion shown on the kid's face?
This bus will transport you to what region?
What is the long part attached to the elephant called?
What dog breed does the woman have?
What type of goods are sold in the store next to the tree?
The animal in the sink is a descendant of what?
Where should patrons walk?
What activity is the person taking this pic taking part in here?
Why are the trees fenced?
Which item seen here was grown below ground?
Which group invented the skateboard?
What is being done here?
What type of people is the bench for?
What does the word on the boat relate?
The last four letters seen in the background are all found in what word?
What is the weather like near the mountain?
What should be installed on the device with a screen?
What does the red light on the pole direct?
The person shown here has difficulty doing what?
Which one of these cities is closest to their location?
Who sleeps in this location?
Who does the long brown hair belong to?
What is the location of the sun in the image?
What is the man in red shirt doing?
What is the item called that has the red lights emanating from it?
Where is someone who might easily overheat safest here?
Tidal bores surfing can be played on which water?
The man celebrating his birthday cannot have lit candles because he is in which location?
Which of the kayakers body parts will help most to propel them forward?
What creates the colorful patterns on the ground?
What is the rectangular image in the corner of the room?
What is the narcotic made popular by the poster on the wall?
What is the large structure in the background?
Why is he playing with the dog?
What clothing brand made the man's blue shirt?
What is the full version of the name being displayed?
What type of pizza has already been made?
What is the circular object decorated with roman numerals used for?
Where will many of the people here be sitting soon?
Who manufactured the fully visible gold car behind him?
What is a use of the product being advertised?
What type of shot is the man about to hit?
Which direction will the aloft skateboarder next go?
What danger does the child face?
Why is the man using a knife with the meat?
The large teams inside of the large canoes are playing what sport?
What kind of cable is used in the lower right socket?
What holiday is being celebrated in donut feasting here?
What type location is this?
What is the dog doing?
These animals represent what zodiac sign?
What is the white thing the man is holding?
What are groups of these animals called?
What real estate structure is this type of sale often named after?
What NHL hockey player had the same jersey number as the person wearing black?
The board used for skiing is called?
What color is the sky?
What is the man in blue riding?
Where is the person having this meal?
What has the woman most likely just done?
What is o top of the large item in the middle of the room?
Which one of these places is absent from the mementos?
What animal does the item on top of the food come from?
What should the cars do in this situation?
What is the flavor of ice cream it is?
What does the backpacking man hope for?
Which hall is near this street corner with the pole?
How did the boat by the sign get there?
Where are persons currently sitting here?
What is the woman sitting on?
Which person is holding the horse in what color shirt?
Wha's the man in the left corner attempting to do?
What might be something someone might bring to this area to be left behind?
What occasion does this cake celebrate?
What is the lady trying to do?
What will happen to the skateboard next?
What is creating the light coming through the door?
What does hitting the gong here signal?
What food is on the plate in the middle of the table?
What forms of payment are probably accepted at this restaurant if one has no cash?
What is usually found in this room?
What is the food that is most in abundance here?
What type of ride is shown?
Which one will soon hit the ball?
Which is magnifying or moving towards yourself the photography is called?
What fast food restaurant is seen in the background?
What category of pizza would this fall into?
What does the boy on the right have on backwards?
What is he doing?
What are the people standing at the back?
What are these bakery goods called?
What animal has a coat similar to the cushion the little girl is next to?
What is near the jugs?
What is the regular activity in this area?
How can you tell that this guy likes his food a little spicy?
Why is the young girl holding luggage?
Why do the women have straps around their wrists?
If you needed to freeze your vodka which color is the door you would want to open first?
What does the man look at while eating?
Why is the ball passing him?
What kind of diet do they adhere to?
What material are the pipes which are holding up the old bike?
Why is the road shiny?
What vehicles are being showcased here?
What can hanging the bananas avoid?
What disease are they concerned about?
How many Ossicones do giraffe's have?
What is the dog doing near the man's feet?
The cars are parked on the street during which season?
What forms the shadow on the woman?
What is the cat going to do?
How many awnings are there?
The room here might be found where?
What person would avoid this food?
What do men do to sheep?
How many people is the food on the tray meant to serve?
What does the color on the stop light mean?
What fungus is being added to this pie?
Why is the woman wearing kneepads?
How would the tide be described?
What things might the person with the camera take photos of today?
What feature distinguishes this animal from a dog?
What genders are allowed at this school?
The planes were likely used for what transportation purpose?
What is the white item folded in the corner?
What is the black car near the green umbrella doing?
What allows the red kites to fly?
What animal are the horses looking at?
What are the white flecks on the hanging food?
What type of trees are visible here?
What are the children wearing?
The antenna on the electric device to the right of the cap broadcasts what type of signal?
What do the umbrellas tell you about the weather?
Which of the food will most likely be eaten with silverware?
Which actor has the training to do what these people are doing?
How many cattle are there in image?
Where is this game being played?
What play is the best case scenario for the batter?
What city is this?
What is the camera on the left setup on?
How many layers in skateboard?
What was used to build this plane?
Where are these birds?
What has dried up and stopped the boats from moving?
This man is most likely a descendant of which historical figure?
Why is the man standing in front of the woman wearing the jacket?
What does the woman do with her phone?
What are the men kicking?
What is the yellow part at the front of the train for?
What color are the leaves on the sheet over the top of the dog?
What is behind the truck?
What are all the people looking at?
What are the pigeons doing?
What are the pictures on the black stand?
How are the clocks powered?
How many months till the leaves turn green?
What is on top of the sandwich?
What might the child be doing to the photographer?
What is making the thin lines in the snow?
What is above this person?
What is the best reason for these police to ride these animals?
What shot is he using to hit the ball?
What kind of shoes is the skater wearing?
Who speaks at this moment?
What does the side of the nearest boat want you to visit?
Why are there letters on the green banners?
What does the woman standing in front of the cart have in that cart?
What is the man wearing black underwear laying on?
What venue is this likely to be?
The graffiti features a word that is a combination of two what?
What is the bus's destination street?
Two elephants are standing but what are the other two doing?
What is needed to operate the blue items?
What is the man wearing?
Why is the man in danger?
If you want to park at a space nearby what do you likely need?
What sauce would be a perfect compliment to this meal?
What kind of weather is the day like?
Who most likely lives here?
How are dishes cleaned in this Kitchen?
What is in the oven?
What would happen if you cut the string around her neck?
What is the main mode of transportation for the majority of vehicles pictured?
What's the area where players are seated on a bench near gatorade coolers?
What type event is being held here?
California is the largest producer of which fruit?
What are the people doing in this venue?
What is the green item near the horses?
What sort of persons frequent the building seen here?
The person holding the bat has a similar last name to what celebrity?
What are the dark pieces on top of the bottom hot dog?
Which one can go the longest without putting his feet on the ground?
The striped shirt is of what style?
How many stars does this hotel have?
Why does he wear sunglasses?
What is the man at the table doing?
What type of international cuisine does this bakery specialize in?
What are they about to do?
What color were most carrots originally?
What gesture are the group doing?
Which food from the sea on the dinner table has to be eaten before it sits out beyond two hours?
Why is the horse attached to the cart with wheels?
Where were potato chips invented?
Why is he off the ground?
What does the object do to molecules to warm up food?
What kind of soda is the skate boarder drinking?
What counties flag is on the clothesline above the horse?
What is the smallest animal here doing?
What is the part of the airplane with the star on it called?
The large novelty check on the windshield of the double decker bus was likely the result of what action?
What is the woman's profession?
Where is this toilet located?
What is the wheel called that's behind the bench?
What is holding the animals up?
What is the profession of the man on a motorcycle?
The owners of this company first started it in which business?
What is near the tower?
What are the pink circles on the front of this train used for?
What is the wall behind the standing man made out of?
What flavor is the donut?
In what setting are the zebras resting?
What type of animals are present?
How many umbrellas are on the top of the signboard?
At least how many firefighters could use the hydrant at one time?
Where is the man located?
What is illegal at this intersection that normally is allowed at intersections?
Where does watermelon come from?
What type of drinks are available here?
What two forms of entertainment can be found on this street?
Which country invented free public benches?
Why is the person wearing a glove?
How is this steamed cooked?
What mode of transportation is featured?
Why is he standing there?
What is usually found in this room?
What is the enclosed black area near pavement called?
Why are there two on the bike?
How are the two people related?
What is a slang name for the yellow bus?
What is the first name of the insurance company's CEO?
What is the player ready to do?
What is the name donut without a hole?
Why is the ball in the air?
What kind of water is shown here?
What is called a fleece in sheep?
What are the white animals doing in the water?
Which liquid is most likely to be spilled on a laptop here?
In which area does the man wait?
What is the cake in the shape of?
What is the player ready to do?
Where are the two dining?
These elephants probably belong to what organization?
What does the blade belong to?
Who placed this animal in the box?
Why are they all wearing the same clothing?
Where do the riders here ride their horses?
In train each bogie consist of how many wheels?
What season is up next?
What form of heating is used here?
What brand of bus manufacturer is displayed on the bus?
What type of fruits are present?
What power will be used to move logs here?
What is the pink kite supposed to be?
What does the person wearing a blue apron sell at the rightmost kiosk?
What is the flora next to?
What is the red item one of them is carrying?
Why does she have so little clothing on?
Which comparative elevation do the seated people wish for?
Why are there candles?
What kind of buildings are the ones with flags outside them?
What part of this picture is artificial?
What beverage does this person drink?
During which season are the cars here parked on the street?
What type of landmark is located near the base of the silver pole?
Why are the cars blurred?
What's the abbreviation of this sporting league?
What type game will these men play?
Who is he probably smiling with?
How are the people feeling?
In what year was his organization founded in New York City?
Why are they in midair?
What people group uses the script on the banner?
What would be the main reason this truck makes frequent stops?
What type of setting is this past the water?
What do the blue triangular objects do?
Why is the food bad for the kid?
How will the motorbike be able to refill on petrol?
How does the man wearing brown feel about the man wearing red?
What normally unpleasant weather is necessary for these people to enjoy their toys?
What position is the man in red kneepads on the field playing?
What is near the cars?
What is the first word on the sign?
What has probably happened here?
The girl in the green is wearing a hairstyle that is often compared to what animal?
What is the purpose of the object?
What is the name for this type of vehicle?
What are the bikers doing on the street?
Why is he in midair?
What does the player wait for the player opposite him to do?
A glass with reflecting cover is called?
How is this lady's hair dried?
Why does the background seem so flat and odd what type train scene does this signify that this is?
What activity are the group in the street engaged in?
Why is he holding onto the string?
What is being done with the yarn?
What is the brush between the doll's legs usually used for?
What is the man with beard doing?
What is this type of food called?
What is the young man holding?
Which direction are the people on the ski lift riding?
What mimics a figurehead here?
What type or activity does this group enjoy?
How do people here prefer to communicate?
How was this ball propelled forward?
What is the number written on top of the middle green bananas?
What is this type of tower often called?
What is the most unhealthy part of this cheeseburger?
Why is the dog flying toward the frisbee?
What area of the body does the bidet clean?
What is the woman on the purple sign doing?
What can be enjoyed here?
Why are the riders all wearing gold?
What kind of locations are mentioned in the signs?
What is needed for this activity?
What type of plant is on the coffee table?
The woman on the phone is using what item to move around?
What is being promised will stay fresh longer?
What are the illuminated white circles primarily used for?
Where is the ball?
The flag on the bus belongs to which Country?
Why are the bus's seats so high?
What is the man doing?
What maneuver is the man wearing red performing?
What profession are the men wearing aprons?
What setting are these types of seating often seen in?
A baggage carousel is a device generally at where?
What would happen if the tallest object here fell on you?
Which deity looks like these animals?
Which vehicle takes less pedaling to move?
What type of stores are Aerosoles and Skechers?
These people would be described as what?
Why is he sitting on the fire hydrant?
What kind of oranges are these?
A form of halfpipe used in extreme sports such as Skateboarding is what?
What is next to the computer leaning against the books?
From which direction did the boarder most recently originate?
Which company manufactures this beverage?
What is the manufacture of the laptop that the person is using?
What are they likely getting from the truck?
How many functions key are there in a keyboard?
How many different living creatures are visible here?
In which country does Click airline originate?
Which vehicle is closest to the edge?
Which one of these tools were likely used in the design of the walls?
The animal whose name appears on the side of the bus is found in what country?
What is she sitting next to on the left?
How is the person in the water being moved?
What is usually behind barriers like these?
What might be a major component of this treat?
What game is played in the room these men are in?
What appliance are the man and woman staring into?
Why do they have so many umbrellas?
What type event is being held here?
What kind of cuisine is being served?
What life event are they in the middle of celebrating?
Which type weather does this person hope for today?
What kind of dog is this one?
Which of the five tastes would the food in the plastic bowl provide?
This player is using her aim to position herself to be prepared when the other player does what?
Who is a legend in the sport the boys are playing?
What is used to surround the tub?
What do the three white lines represent?
The persons seen here are supporting whom?
Why is the shuttle on top of the plane?
What might one see if one stays in this spot?
Where was this sandwich likely cooked?
Why is this man sitting down?
How many players can play baseball?
Where does the man want the ball to go?
What kind of skateboarding competition is this?
What sort of heat does this room have?
What food is missing?
How will everyone get off the top of the mountain?
What province does this line go to?
How many workers are there?
Considering the size of his ears what continent is this elephant from?
What are the group of boys doing with the white remotes?
What type of food are all of these?
What is the dog ready to do?
What green vegetable is on the plate?
Why are the men near the white water?
What is the player about to do?
What kind of clothes do the kids on the grass have?
What will the skater do next?
What type of sport is he practicing?
What move is this man adopting?
What meal is this likely to be?
In what century was this type of tub invented?
Where are the elephants behind held?
This animal appeared in what movie?
What is the man in deep water about to catch?
Which person is likely celebrating a birthday?
What is under the sheets hanging of the end of the bed?
How many cars are there in the image?
Which equipment would be fastest for them to use?
What type of classroom could this be called?
What is the green on the blue vehicle?
What tournament is this?
What is the decoration on the man's red hat called?
What keeps most of the animals from drowning?
What country corresponds with that top level domain?
What are the people looking at?
Where are people here eating pizza today?
What sport does the person in red enjoy?
What does the person not sitting on a horse or car here await?
This urban area is within which nation in Asia?
Why do kites have tails?
Why does the runner have gloves on?
Which comedy movie is the man with his feet on the desk a big fan of?
What video game is the picture with the guy in a space suit and helmet referring to?
What is being held by the person the pitcher looks at?
How many pieces of pizza do you see?
What powers the vessel pulling the skier?
What vehicles are allowed on the rightmost lane?
How many types of boats are there?
What's the area called the player is standing on?
What is to the left of the bed?
Why is the vehicle stopped near the curb?
Where are the zebras?
What type of meat is on the plate?
Why are his skis so small?
What is the primary gas is released from the soda can on the right when opened?
What breed dog it is?
Why is the man wearing a ring on the fourth finger of his left hand?
Why does the man have a yellow shirt on?
What baseball player would make sense to own this store?
What activity are the men going to participate?
What is the person in red outfit doing?
What might you see on top of the white item to the right?
What style of skateboard is the man in the white shirt using?
What object is this structure modeled after?
What type of bird is this?
Which flag is on the bus?
Where are the cows?
Which mode of transport here is inanimate?
Where is the truck going?
What kind of shorts does the man have on?
What temperatures does the soaring person enjoy?
What street sign is the man standing next to?
Where does the person who holds the ball stand here?
What is the black layer of outer clothing he is wearing called?
What sport are the boys playing?
What condiment ends in the same four letters that the name on the bus ends in?
What is the person on the right selling?
What is tinfoil made of?
Lights that attach to a ceiling rack are known as what?
The clouds here indicate what might happen?
What is located above the ironwork on top of the train that is heading away?
What will be the first the person grabs when they stand up?
What is the long part attached to the elephant called?
Where can you see a similar scene to what is happening behind the boats?
What drug is on the kitchen table?
In what year did number 7 win the World Series?
What is this base of this food?
The person wearing what color of shirt is in the greatest danger?
What is the girl sitting in?
What's the name of the recreational area the man is in?
What color are the sticky notes that are on the right side of the computer?
What are these women doing that is commendable?
At this moment what relationship do the two holding White Wiis engage in?
What is the man wearing that is made of rubber?
The white round item on top of this food is part of what other food item?
The cross buck sign indicates what?
What would be the most efficient way to coat the darker treat here?
Where are the patrons unable to ski or snowboard?
What style return is being utilized here?
What is hanging from the wall?
What are the little bumps on the tree branches?
What type of glove does the man with Casey on his jersey have on?
What are the two using to play?
What is in the shaker on the left?
The woman behind and to the left of the closest man to the camera is wearing what color of shirt?
What type weather do people here hope for today?
What is the building on the far right primarily for?
The store behind the bus is having a sale due to which major event?
Which direction are the horses likely to go to together?
What is the parachute called in paragliding?
What type of elephant is in the image?
What is the woman pulling on?
What is the fruit underneath and to the right of the two bananas?
What does the woman want to do with the ball?
What are they waiting for?
What is the shovel leaning against the fence on the left used for?
What is next to the sign?
Why is he in the air?
What color hats do the flight attendants from this airline wear?
This girl has more hair than which haircut?
What are the people touching?
Where is this picture located?
What type of vehicle is sold in the building to the rear of the bus?
What is the brown table at the left bottom corner for?
What city is the sponsor of the arena located?
How are the planes flying?
What sort of floor plan is seen here?
What Wii sport game is he likely playing?
What item in the picture is currently being banned by many major cities?
What is the metal the people are standing behind?
Where do you go in this street if you want to buy candy?
Which culture has this custom?
Biting what here would yield the lowest ingestion of fat?
What sauce is preferred here?
What is the man seated in the back court doing?
What do the people walking on the beach carry?
What is in the air?
How is the kid on the right brushing his teeth differently from the kid on the left?
The animals here were developed in which way?
The owner of the apartment put the least investment into what for his building?
The hand of the clock is closest to what number?
The food on the table stems from what country?
What is the woman most likely doing to the child standing between her legs?
What type of kitchen is this?
What is being done to the elephant here?
What is a likely occasion for all the kids getting together?
The man wearing the mask is role playing as what?
What is the person doing?
What kind of computer/electronic device is being used here?
What is the dog doing at the table?
How does the woman know the girl?
What are the 4 men most likely facing?
What is the group on the horses doing?
What are the people using to take pictures of the giraffes?
What is the metal object in between the woman's legs?
What do people use this machine for?
Why are they returning to shore?
Why are the black tables setup in this location?
What's the name of the dress the woman is wearing?
What are the seated man and child riding on?
To eat the items here what must be done with the outer peel?
What beverage does the woman enjoy?
What weather is greatest threat to this crop?
Why has the bike been placed near the bench?
What staff member is responsible for pushing the suitcase carts?
What is the blue square used for?
Who is in the greatest danger?
What yellow item is absent?
What is on the wall?
What is the blue object used for?
What type of room does this most closely resemble due to the items on the counter?
What company is sponsoring the speed board?
How many watts does a bedside lamp use?
They are taking this photo in what?
The people using the flip cell phones are taking pictures of which professional sport?
What is the English translation of the French name for these?
What happened to this river made evident here?
In which type area do players play soccer here?
What central type item brings these people together?
How is the woman on the right feeling in this moment?
Why is he smiling?
For what gender was the bathroom designed for?
Based on the truck stickers what type of people are being celebrated in this parade?
What happens near the yellow sign?
What sport are the boys playing?
What type terrain is nearby?
Where might you relieve yourself here?
What profession did the founder of this eatery have before he retired?
How is the zebra decorated?
Why is the man bending down while on the surfboard?
Why are these people on the backs of elephants?
What hides this ladies mouth?
Judging by the batters expression how hard is she swinging the bat?
What is the sheep breed that produces the best type of wool?
In what setting is the girl atop the horse?
What has to be done at some point in order for the pictured food to be produced?
How is the visible item being held by the person?
What is the shelf to the left of the doorway used to store?
Why is the black surface of the ramp scratched?
What is prohibited in the shade?
What material is the hat worn by the man?
Who founded the religion mentioned here?
What is happening to the bananas in water?
What is the man using to hit the ball?
What is the elephant doing in the photo?
What prevents the food from making contact with the silver platter?
Where are they likely headed to?
What in the foreground is most often used as a food source?
What is the woman doing to her hair?
What kind of pitch does the pitcher hope to achieve?
What is a group of these items called during wartime?
What part of the market is located here?
What is the man helping the young child with?
Which vehicle is experiencing problem?
Where were umbrellas most likely invented?
People are commuting on this road during which time of the year?
What is next to the horse?
What does this lady wish for weather wise?
What is required for this activity?
What body of water is the boat using?
What kind of bathroom is this?
From what materials is the wall made?
What does the person standing here wait for?
Which player played for the team the man that is eating is a fan of?
What is the guy on the right doing?
What is the relationship between these people?
What emotion is the boy showing?
What do the children want to do with the ball?
What type of fruit is shown?
What is the area decorated with stone used to contain?
What climate is this plane parked in?
What kind of terrain is best for this activity?
What type of table is the pizza on?
In what style were the eggs cooked?
What is the boy designing?
What is the wooden item above the two right drawers and below the countertop called?
What are the people waiting for?
What is under her right arm?
What position is number forty three playing?
Where does the cup come from?
What do the sharp things on top of the rectangular tall structure prevent?
What is she doing?
What is the topping shown?
What will the man in the blue sweatshirt do next?
What creature is associated with the picture on the wall?
What kind of country is tis most likely in?
Which food provides the most vitamin A?
What is ropeway called?
How is the man's yellow jacket done up?
What profession is the man on the bike?
How are the stone walls held together?
What might the person wearing the hat be doing on the bench?
What is the man wearing in red?
What rule regarding shoes is likely in place here?
In what continent would this truck setup probably be legal?
What session of the day is this likely to be?
What type of utensil is in the bowl?
What is showing the man's image?
What is the red white and green object in the grass connected to?
What type of event are these people at?
What is the woman walking towards?
How many birds are in focus?
What gesture is the man doing with his hand?
Why are they in line?
What are the small green pools on the ground near the elephants?
What fruit is visible here?
What is the country code of the frisbee shop being advertised?
What is the red circular liquid on the plate?
What is the woman doing with her umbrella?
What is the man using the rope from the horse to do?
Why does he have his shirt off?
What kind of dog is this?
What kind of animals are these?
What is the purpose of the cord plugged into the right side of the laptop?
Why does the man have his arms out?
What person is famous for doing this sport?
What kind of dogs are seen here?
What is blowing in the wind?
How do these people know each other?
What is the man adjusting?
What should be put in the nearby trashcan?
Which single step could the yellow boat's owner take to preserve his investment in the boat?
Why are they flying kites?
What are the island walls made of?
What is she doing?
What recently occurred to the grass within this area?
Who has the ball?
What NFL team plays in the town?
How far will this train travel usually?
Why is stopped on his bike?
Which giraffe is the youngest?
What type of job are the men doing?
Why are the stuffed animals in the window?
What type of setting are the people most likely located in?
What animal might the black item have come from?
What is the name of a famous player of this sport?
When was baseball invented?
This photo was taken in front of what kind of attraction?
What type of food is the person probably making?
In which way Maritime transport is taken place?
What roofing method was used on these houses?
What would someone have to do when baking a cake here to cook it?
What animals are present?
Why is the man jumping in the air?
What is the man also probably doing while reading on the bench?
What is the silver plate the man is using made of?
Though wearing clothes some of these bears lack what garment that most humans consider necessary in public?
What material is the lighthouse made from?
The person holding the camera is wearing what color shirt?
What comes out of the gray machine in the back?
What is the name of a famous player of this game?
What could have made the road appear shiny?
What is the man in the middle doing?
What color jacket was the person in the white shirt wearing earlier?
Who owns the company with the red sign?
Where does the Christmas tree come from?
The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway was a Class I railroad formed when?
To prevent over fermentation and reactions in beverages they are stored in which color bottle?
Persons using these umbrellas also enjoy what water sport?
Why are they wearing suits?
How was the granite object shaped?
What is the green stalk for?
Why does the man have his arm out?
What is the emotion on the person's face?
What action is taking place here?
What happens when a vehicle is cleared to go?
Which states have the most palm trees?
Where is the likely location?
The first five letters in white that are on the sign are used in spelling what style?
Why is the player blurry?
For what purpose is the green garment hung most likely?
How many people wear red shirts?
What color best describes the dress?
What does the item in the middle of the phones look like?
Which food is the most unhealthy?
What type of athlete is this?
From where did this person directly come?
What important protective gear should this kid wear?
What character has a name that includes the longest part of this animal?
What is this place?
What team does the catcher play for?
How many eaters are they expecting?
Why are they removing a dirty appliance?
What type of shoes is the woman wearing?
What scientific class does the animal on the sign belong to?
What type of scene is this?
What material are the roof of the boats made of?
Why is the zebra by itself?
What is the total sum of the each digit on the jersey?
The picture on the screen is in what item category?
Why is the large boat stopped by the small boat?
What would a person stay away from if they liked only cooked food?
What vehicle is shown?
Who is this man supposed to be playing?
How many items are on pedestals?
What allowed him to achieve that height?
Who would be married to the person that is listed on the street name?
What other activity can be carried out here besides surfing?
This man looks most like what celebrity?
What type of Tennis game is being played here?
Which person could be attacked by the dog first?
Which country is this class most likely taught in?
How many stops will there be before the bus arrives at its destination?
What is in the metal tin?
What animal are these?
What is this type of hairstyle called?
What type of information is on the digital sign?
Which popular toy has been used to build this scene?
What is missing to make a classic sandwich?
What is the style of this meat called?
Where is Restek's headquarters?
What team is the catcher on?
On the front man what is most protected?
How many years back the photograph was taken?
Where is this pool located at?
What is the syncline referred to as?
With just a knowledge of English which service could you most easily find here?
Why is the bird indoors?
What activity are the people carrying out?
What is in the tin box?
What is under the broccoli?
Why are the dishes empty?
What will get into the food if the dog starts to shed?
What is the woman doing to her cake?
What are these people watching?
Why are the items discarded next to the garbage bin?
What does the woman have on her feet?
What form of tennis is this?
Who is controlling the elephant?
What is the name for the large tower in the airport?
The greeting at the top is synonymous with what country?
In what do these horses walk?
What do people usually have to do for this vehicle?
What type of accident is this?
How many minutes can a person legally park here?
What is the green bowl on the counter used for?
If the camera man jumped over the railing closest to them where would they land?
What is the building next to the woman?
The coating is used on a skateboard?
What in the image provides shade?
What style meat is served most frequently here?
If she wants to learn the sport she needs a smaller what?
Who is the man wearing a red coat?
The animal is looking at what?
What is the color of tennis ball used in earlier days?
What is the bright orange traffic sign notifying drivers of?
Which giraffe is farthest from this small herd?
What fraction of pizza is shown?
What continent is the plane in the foreground from?
Why is the man on the road wearing a whistle?
How many legs do the animals have altogether?
What kind of plate is the boy using?
Who famously helped win a 1992 playoff game doing what the boy in the black helmet is doing?
What type of video game is the woman probably playing?
Which direction are all the front wheels facing?
These animals live where?
What video gaming system is the young child playing?
Upon the shelf sits something to celebrate a holiday what holiday is it?
What are the little pictures on the cell phone named?
What does the Pepsi colors mean?
Which food provides the most vitamin A?
Most persons drinking wine here share which type?
Badminton ball is made of what?
What is this location?
What beverage is the man wearing a yellow shirt holding?
Why are these bags being filled?
What is closest to the left ledge of the table?
What day is Double Punch?
What is happening under the umbrella?
Who put the dog on the surf board?
What is in the pot in the upper left corner?
How many cars do these meters currently monitor?
What emotion is the man in the grey hat feeling?
What aircraft type is this?
This person is operating their laptop in what form of transportation?
If all the people went away and you walked straight the direction the camera was pointing what would you probably run into first?
Why is the truck in the middle of the street?
Which object is/are in the greatest threat?
What kind of room is this?
How many people is this food for most likely?
What is the name of a common dessert that uses this fruit?
When was the stop sign invented?
What can be adjusted for more privacy?
Why are the women sitting on the benches?
What kind of venue is this?
What element lifts this person skyward?
What does he need to do?
How did he get on back of the truck?
What is the man sitting there doing?
What might this group be dressed for?
What holiday do the people seem to be celebrating?
What brand of sandals is the woman wearing?
What is traditionally eaten as an accompaniment to this dish?
What is in the air?
What is the object behind the batter's leg?
What is near the blue truck?
Who just threw the disc?
What type of bird is the one on the far left?
What was this man hitting with his bat?
Why is the person near the camera wearing two layers?
Why is the refrigerator covered in plastic?
How many players are there?
Where were bicycles invented?
Which team has a similar name which some might consider the opposite?
What material is this oven made out of?
Why is his foot in the air behind him?
What does the orange man represent?
What print is on his shoes?
This style of flooring comes from a French word meaning what?
What vegetable is on the pizza?
Why is the horse attached to the wagon?
Why are the lights on the lamps on?
What category of clocks does the clock by the window belong to?
What type of phone is available?
The white machine is used to manipulate what?
Which leavening was used most here?
What interactions are the two humans having with the elephant?
What kind of palm tree is in the center of this photo?
What sort of presentation do those in the audience watch?
What is this room commonly referred to?
What is the boy wearing on his head?
How did the women feel about the man's remark?
What kind of problem is likely to be experienced by the apartment residents?
How is this young mans neckwear secured?
What gaming system is the shirtless man playing?
What is floating above the rocks?
What is the large pole near the horse supplying to the homes?
Who was a top ranked player in this sport?
Where are the birds standing on?
What can be done using the orange thing?
What kind of services does this building provide?
What is by the chairs?
Why is the rider wearing earphones?
What is touching the racquet in the foreground?
The utensils provided with the meal are known as what?
Why is the woman using an umbrella?
If the gentleman here in the suit wants to call his sweetheart where will he do it?
What weather is being encountered here?
What is one of the largest breeds of this animal?
What general subject do the books in the bookcase to the left of the phone cover?
On what continent was this photo most likely taken?
What are the elephants standing in?
What type of electronic device is next to the fan on the right?
What position is the man with the red glove most likely?
What position is played by the kneeling player?
What is the name of the fruits stacked on the table?
Why do the horses have their heads to the ground?
SEAL Robert O'Neill shots whom?
What minimalizing action can this chair be made to do?
Which nation is responsible for this beverage?
What is the woman helping the child do?
This type of event should create what kind of mood for the people attending?
What surface is the girl playing on?
What is flying through the air?
What is this horse being used for?
What is the dress code of the event he's going to?
What brand is the television?
The design on the red sign looks like the symbol for what mathematical operation?
What weather is it on this rainy day?
What profession does this person want to practice?
How many people at least are breakfasting together here?
Where does pizza comes from?
Where were the first bricks used?
What color is the metal tube at the top right corner of the image?
Which direction is the statue oriented?
What video game does the user of this office space like?
What is on the grass?
What is the main reason hundreds of bikers would be riding together down a main street?
What type of top is the woman on the right wearing?
Who is this lady?
How did the person pictured get to where they stand immediately prior?
The men are relying on what to move them?
What's the term for the way the boats are parked near the land?
What is she doing with the food?
What is the relationship of the woman wearing black shirt to the man on her left in this setting?
Why are so many trains parked side by side here what word describes this site?
Who is the lady wearing a green shirt?
What has occurred in the scene?
Which item here can be turned into something else without eating it?
What does lb mean as it is written on the signs?
What white item creates the tallest white here?
What is the man who is standing doing?
The item on the left is traditionally used to carry what?
Which color item on the plate has a plant origin?
What type of business does the person on the phone walk away from?
Who would most be likely to daydream about this spot?
Which anniversary is being celebrated?
What are the people walking through this area looking to do?
What kind of people visit this place throughout the year?
Sharks often mistake these athletes for what?
What vehicle is near the ladder?
What do the persons on boards here wish for?
What sort of setting is the gloved man standing in?
What is the most likely number of people this person is preparing food for?
What is being given here?
What is the man drinking?
What makes up the back splash?
What is the type of can the man has made of?
What's the wood area the boats are stopping at called?
What fuels the stove?
Black grapes are used to produce which color wine?
What place specializes in these items?
What type of fruit is in a container with nothing else?
Who put the tag on the cows ear?
How many sinks are there?
Where is the ball likely to go next?
What is a basket on a bicycle called?
What type of company most likely uses this location?
What type of business is advertised in white letters on the building?
In which area are the bikers biking?
Why is the man reaching towards the cake?
What number is on the bus in the middle?
Why are his arms spread wide?
What does the dog have to do to achieve its goal?
What type of hat is the kid wearing?
What is the thing the boy in the white hat is carrying made of?
Which car is in the greatest danger?
How do motorcyclists carry gear?
How many ambulances are there?
Which number is closest to the number on the train?
What is the color of the very top of the bus?
In what US city is this subway station located in?
The front window of the vehicle is open because it lacks what feature?
What is the man doing with the white remote?
What does the middle knob on the stove turn on?
What food type is in the pan?
The man wearing the suit and tie is operating what object?
Why does the man have his head covered?
What is the blue plane used for?
What street name or intersection can be clearly seen on the corner?
How many different species of animals are grazing in the savannah?
Why is there so much orange in this image?
Who created the mural?
What is the relationship between the men in the foreground in both images?
What region of the world is this scene at?
What is standing in the center of the grass?
What natural phenomena will occur shortly?
What are the kites in most danger of getting stuck on top of?
This person would be in the minority based on hair color in what country?
Judging from the signage beneath the clock where is this structure located?
What is the cabinet to the left called?
The woman wearing the conical hat is a denizen of which nation?
Why are there so many microwaves?
This man is likely how old?
What activity do the purple shirted children take part in?
How will this item fly?
What present location would be the best place to put put a small baby?
What group could split all of these apples between each member evenly?
The leashes need what to ensure the dogs are safe to avoid them from running away?
What is the name of the brand in shirt?
Which thing shown here is most offensive?
Of the more than 5 transportation options which requires more climbing for passengers to board?
In which direction is the train going that is behind the raised arm?
Why do cats have mustaches?
The markings on the fairings of the motorcycle indicate that it belongs to which type of public organization?
In which location is this man drinking?
Who created the character on the girls dress?
Which way is the one way arrow pointing?
What is the person riding?
Which deadly creature is most likely to be lurking nearby?
What are they waiting for?
What is odd about the mannequin in the foreground?
How many animal species are present?
What material are the two brown sticks made of?
What is she doing?
These people are on what continent?
What is the parking limit in hours at these meters?
How many people will dine at this table?
What type of wet area is nearby?
What device is next to the TV?
What direction is the woman on the red motorcycle traveling?
Where is the rider of the bike?
What position does this player have the snowboards center point on the rail?
Where are they eating?
What material is the bat he is holding made of?
What is the venue shown in the image?
Which objects here can be used to cut other objects?
What kind behavior is displayed here?
The color that is most prevalent on the left vehicle is found on what flag?
What is the man doing on his phone?
What geographical region is partially shown on the map?
Why is he licking his lips?
What is the spice in the glass jar with the red top in the foreground?
Who is the young girl to the older man?
What is a favorite condiment of the owner?
What type of transportation hub is this train in?
What is being done here?
What continent is this country located at?
Why does the woman in green have her arms out?
In a house what room is this typically called?
Why is the maintenance guy wearing protection on his hands?
What is the laptop owner a fan of according to the note?
What type of eyesight does the man standing here have?
What kind of material is the left wall?
Who are in the background?
What type train is shown here?
What type of fabric is the blue item of clothing at the foot of the bed in the background?
What helpful object will help keep his hands from being burnt?
Why are some of them looking away from the screen?
He is addressing the children using what probable languages?
What kind of transportation is available?
Based on their diet what kind of animal is this?
What is the woman doing to the fire hydrant?
In which town is this clock located?
What is usually found in the same room as the word on the sign spelled backwards?
What's the middle name of the person who took this shot?
What chore is the woman here organizing?
What type of business is this?
What sort of person is this?
How would people get out if there was a fire?
What might happen due to the cat's location?
The person whose name appears at the top is a descendant of whom?
Which region is the granule food from?
Which food contains the most vitamin A?
What is the most used name for the object that the kid is pushing?
What is the name for the man driving the train?
What is the opposite of this event?
What sport are these women most likely playing?
What are a group of these animals called?
What type of phone is she using?
What is the name for the pattern used on the window curtains?
Which conference is this game in?
What is the relationship between the two kids?
What is this person looking at?
The picture and outfit looks like it is from what decade?
What comes out of the black container on the right wall?
What does the urinals use to wash away human waste?
The animals here possess which trait helping keep them alive?
What job do these people hold?
The tourists are hoping to get pictures of the giraffe in its natural?
The first three letters on the sign are found in what name?
The vehicle used for rescue purpose is?
If someone wanted to cross near here what should they do?
What is on the fries?
Of what religion is the person in the long black coat and black hat?
What animal loves this kind of fruit?
What fun activity is shown?
What is the woman doing with the silver object?
What is being served in the white mug?
What color theme is the man with the the tie trying to achieve with his outfit?
What is the blue base the camera is on called?
What is the exercise on the computer called?
What do the men want to do next?
What animal likes to eat what the man is eating?
Inside silver round large cans what is seen here in profusion?
What are the black sticks on the green bowl?
What type animals are painted here?
What are the sliced red vegetables on the right side of dish called?
What would happen if an additional large adult boarded this boat?
What is available according to the blue sign?
What has the rice been cooked in?
Who is the manufacturer of the hatchback car?
The brand company of this man's jacket is headquartered in what country?
Who bit this hot dog?
What does Marilyn wear on her head when seen here?
What salad type is in the white bowl?
What method caused the shininess seen here?
Why is the bed of the dump truck tilted?
What type of bird are floating in the water?
What color are the blinds in this sitting room?
Who owns this bike?
What breed of dog is riding the bike?
This street is located where?
Which people group invented the bread seen here?
What type of phone is the woman using?
On which direction is the sun in relation to the dog?
What is a horse riding outfit called?
Which direction will the woman swing her racket?
What are the towels on the lower shelf used for?
What is the left object on top of the cabinet for?
Where are the motorcycles parked?
Where do these men want to go next?
What abnormal act is the man doing?
Why is the truck's bed at an angle?
What is the man using the phone as?
What is next to the yellow sign?
Which colored item here is most tart?
What is the reason the street and sidewalks are wet?
Bananas are priced for sale based off what?
That the bird is eating?
What is this type of job called?
What venue is the man in?
What is the standing man doing with his arms?
What meaning can the number have?
What is he doing?
What are the clear pieces underneath the phones?
What is the man doing?
What direction is the skier going?
How many cats are shown here?
What type of crossing is this?
What is the skateboarder not wearing that most serious skateboarders always wear?
What bank is a sponsor of the tennis event?
What time will it be in a half hour?
What type of store is this?
How is pizza commonly sold here?
What type license might one show to get on this bus?
The cat's cover what religious icon here?
How was the meat most likely prepared?
What is this child doing?
What are the men doing at the table?
What are the people at the back waiting for?
Why is he standing there?
What type animal does this girl sit beside?
What is the player in white attempting to do?
Why is he dismounting the skateboard?
What type of sign is this?
Why is the boy's head covered?
Red color in the STOP boards indicates what?
What is the elephant doing with the ball?
What gift did the woman seen here get for Christmas?
This outdoor area has heat that is ignited using what?
What kind of remotes are the people holding?
What green thing does the upper advertisement most relate to?
Why is he leaning right?
The people who gather here are taking part in what?
What is the term used to call this group of horses?
What type of juice is in the glass?
What can assist in navigating the terrain?
What is being used to keep warm?
Why is the man's arm out?
Why is the woman sitting down?
What is the brown structure likely made of?
What are they doing?
What red object is the boy wearing?
In which space is this person boarding?
What are these women wearing?
Which nation is the motorcade of police motorcycles celebrating?
What is a pile of wood used in construction called?
What is in the plastic wrap on the bottom right?
What instrument is the person on the left playing?
How was this artwork created?
What part of the boat is the person in the red shirt standing on?
Which color kite likely has someone still holding it?
Why is the woman wearing a hat?
Why is there so much spray in the air?
Why is she holding an umbrella?
What type of weather event most likely happened here recently?
What country does this vehicle represent?
What type of skateboarding is this guy doing?
Where is this parking lot?
Where is this photo most likely taken at?
What beverage is the man at the table drinking?
Which objects here are the sharpest?
Who conducts baseball league?
What animal on on the greeting card?
What is the man in red ready to do?
This meal is likely for how many people?
What style of pants are these?
How many people can sit at this table?
What are white lines on road called?
Why is there a barrier near the curb?
What is the name of this train?
Why is the light on inside the double-decker bus?
What can the men do here?
What is the man tying?
What does this car run on?
Why is the woman under the red umbrella holding her hand to her face?
The old man is wearing what type of hat?
What would happen if you entered the rightmost text on the bench into a web browser?
Which of the above fruit is belongs to Cucurbitaceae gourd family?
Where is the plane currently located?
Who are the people gathering there?
What does the kite most resemble?
What is the dark brown object around the top of his pants?
Why are the men's vests green in color?
What type of outfit is the man wearing?
WHat type of animal is fried here?
The flags indicate that these boats come from which continent?
What role is being taken on by the person standing?
What powers the musical instrument shown here?
What was used to get unique colors on roses here?
What makes these bricks sturdy?
What purpose does the pen and paper serve to track?
What led to the cracking of the roads depicted?
What is located in the corner?
What is the physically largest number associated with?
Why is this man sleeping on the bench?
What animal are the people checking out?
The man standing near the buses is probably there to do what?
What physical activity is the man exerting?
Where is the cameraman most likely taking a picture from?
How many game players are there?
How many buttons are on the bottom of the controller in her left hand?
These animals have what classification on IUCN's Red List of Threatened Species?
Where are these foods being sold?
Which animal is more likely to eat the other?
What is the woman's headband meant to look like?
Why does the man on the railing have his hand to his head?
Who is the old man to the young girl?
What is the child who's birthday is being celebrated have a passion for?
What does the bus say at the top?
What will the bananas look like under the skin?
Where does the man want to hit the ball?
What is the problem in this area?
Which electronic device is likely located in front of the coffee table?
Why are there so many things on the pizza?
What animated series does this person probably enjoy?
Which one of these companies makes this type of dessert?
Where can you find the real counterpart of the graphic on the frisbee?
What piece of clothing is most dangerous for the boy?
The name of the street at the top of the bus is the name of a team in what sport?
What color of this fruit is good for eating?
For what planned activity is the person modifying the road bicycle?
How can you tell this person may be in South Korea?
What type of couch is this?
What are the men doing with the large wooden poles?
What is used to keep the horses in one area?
What is the name for the cross shaped structure on top of the tower?
Which surfer is more experienced?
Why is the blue bus not moving?
Which method of note taking is most frequent here?
What is likely on the item by the window?
The dog on the right side of the bed resembles what breed of dog?
What kind of activity with respect to the bike is the man on the floor most likely engaging in?
What type of bread is being used?
Sliding on the waves using fin boards are called?
The man's strap is likely connected to what?
What are the white squares on the stadium seats?
What company made the silver laptop the man on the couch is using?
What brand are the shoes of the boy who is kicking the ball?
What are the brand of his skate shoes?
What is the man using the device in his hand to do?
Why is the woman under the lampshade?
Who is this person most likely to be?
What is a very normal use for the body part sticking out near the foot of the bed?
What is she ready to do?
Why are the sheep turning right?
What must be done to get to Tech Camps?
What is the area the boys are skating in called?
What do the tight ropes off to the side of the blue boat do to it?
The elephants are being contained by what?
Protected areas for these types of animals are known as what?
What is the item below the stuffed frog called?
What is 19 trying to do?
What does the child hope to catch in his glove?
Which of these vegetable is popular in Asia?
What is the train near?
What is the name given to the type of sound the animals above produce?
On what surface is this plate of pancakes placed upon?
On what sort of license can people use this image?
From what source does this water emanate?
What is the line of string meant to be?
What time is depicted in the photo?
What street sign is the man standing under?
Where is the person most likely working in the living room while the pets lounge?
Why is he crouched down so low?
What type of weather is likely to occur next?
What does the elephant seek?
What is coming out of the red and white tower?
What type vegetable is the basis for the soup here?
What word begins with the letter that is at the front of the top of the bus?
Why is the child wearing the yellow shirt crouching downward?
How much water does the plant shown here require?
What is beach sand made of?
Which setting on his camera phone will cause harm to his eyes when it is on?
The sign is notifying drivers that what is closed between midnight and 7AM?
In steam locomotive which part blow smoke?
Why is the man wearing a headband?
What countries flag can be seen in the air?
How many fire hydrants are in the picture?
What flag has the colors found on the bottom of the skateboard?
To travel over the area behind this rider nearing what would be safest for the horse?
Which beverage seen here has least calories?
What is near the television?
Who makes the bat?
Why are there eyes on the screen?
What sign should I follow if I have lost my wallet?
What might a person make on the black and silver item on the back left?
What is the weather doing?
Apart from meat what else does the animal in the picture above provide?
What type of sign is shown in the image?
Where does this scene take place?
What dessert is shown?
What are the men near the spraying water doing?
What is the woman with the baby involved in?
What is needed for this activity?
Where is this scene most likely taking place?
What causes the cats glowing eyes?
What threw this man aloft?
What is the animal alignment mean?
What is the purpose of the holes behind him?
Why does he have his arm out?
What is the man here doing?
What are the largest rectangular clothing item storage pieces called?
What civil rights association in associated with the colour of this bus?
What is being used for light on the desk?
What animals are present?
Why are there so many fruits?
What company is known for making the item that is on the counter?
Why is she pointing her tool at the traffic light?
What is the man in white attempting to do?
Why are so many people wearing orange?
What are these people called?
What element is needed for the contents of the pots to extend their lives?
Who is the second man from the left?
What tells you that this is warm year round?
Pet care Helpline number?
What was used to make the yellow coloring on the page?
What important property does this blue outfit have?
What does the boarder here wear near their hands?
What are the horses being forced to do?
Why is a chain hooked to the fire hydrant?
What type of diet does the person shown have?
The costume of the persons in the image called as?
What name is associated with the clock tower?
How many dogs could he play this game with simultaneously?
What setting is shown here?
What zone is this area likely to be?
Who is the manufacturer of the large truck?
How will this man descend this place?
What are the couple likely standing on?
What food on the table contains the highest amount of fat?
Where is the water coming from?
The green handlebars in the bottom left belong to what?
What type of crust is this called?
Where is the couple most probably dining?
What event is being celebrated in the living room?
What commonly goes on the long light yellow food here?
Why does he have his forearms wrapped?
Why are they walking like this?
Where do lemons originally come from?
What does the woman use her phone for?
What kind of a company is the company whose name appears on the left side of the wall?
What is the name of the pizza shop?
Why does he have a bike on the back of his vehicle?
What larger makeup group owns this company?
What sort of skill is required at the slope in the foreground here?
What is real among those things?
What does the small girl wear around her neck?
Why are the boats without a driver?
Why is the man wearing a reflective jacket?
Why is the man in the yellow shirt on the mountain?
What is the blue handled object used to do?
How many people in this picture need to see an optometrist regularly?
The man in blue is in what?
What kind of fuel did this company's vehicles first use?
What is the person in the orange cap doing?
Why are people in the middle of the street?
Which team does the player in blue play for?
Where are these people going?
What depth of water do these birds feel most comfortable in?
Why is this person so messy?
What could pop that's attached to the bench?
What is the man holding along in his hands with his sandwich?
What is on the other end of these sails?
What brand of car does this person drive?
What is the pink layer on top of the donut?
What does the line near the hydrant signify?
Which chair would someone most likely bump into if they entered through the door?
At which location are the Cardinals playing?
What items does the shop with blue trim sell?
What is the man using in the room?
What country is this?
What animals are on top of the cake?
What base is number 33 defending?
How many animals can be seen here?
What is in the air?
What are the bottles on top of the fridge very likely to contain?
In which direction will the pink car go?
What is the sum of the three digits on the train?
What is most likely the base of this soup?
What is preventing the dog from being submerged in the water?
What does the dog leave in the sand every time he takes a step?
What profession deals with the item the baby is using?
Who will be riding those planes?
What does the man in glasses pretend to play?
What is the man doing with the black cat?
Who controls the horse?
What is she getting ready to do?
What activity do the persons near the bus take part in?
Over which shoulder will the batter watch the pitcher?
What is the rack on the far left used for?
Where would this set up occur?
What sound source can be found above the clock here?
Who have deciduous teeth?
Cows belongs to which food classification group?
What is the large black object used for?
What surface is the man playing on?
What is the tallest item?
What type feast is being served here?
What art form provides the greatest coverage on these walls?
What purpose does the red tower serve?
What was the boy doing?
What kind of room lies behind these closed doors?
How are they showing their pride?
What kind of establishment is the brown building?
What is the man standing on?
What is the purpose of the sign?
What is below the paddle shown here?
Why does the van have a realistic photo on the side?
What is he doing?
Persons here are viewing part of what?
These animals are known for producing what?
What do the men hope to bring home?
What kind of vegetables are held in the bag on the table?
What is brewing in the mug in front of the laptop?
What room is this woman standing in?
What do the signs point to?
What is the nickname of the motor vehicle company advertised?
What religion does the man in the black hat seem to be?
Where is this bike located?
This man looks most similar to what historical figure?
What is the person who will take longest to begin skiing wearing?
Who should a crime be reported to?
Which player last had the baseball?
Why is the food in plastic containers?
What region of the United States does this team play in?
What is this type of phone called?
This type of oven is used to cook food in what manner?
In what year was a car first produced under the name on the right?
The objective is to move where in relation to the cones?
Why does the man in white have his arm out?
Where are these people located?
What type of pepper is on the plate?
The color of the animal is the same as the color of what?
What type of transportation is shown?
What class of pet do they have?
The animals seen most clearly here originate from what?
What is the woman helping to do?
What has caused the multiple spots on the road in front of the bus?
What color is the vehicle on the right?
What type of transit hub are these people standing in?
How did the ball get there?
Why is the dog in the air?
Upon what does the elevated man stand?
What are they about do?
What bathroom fixture is located in front of the woman at waist height?
What type person would enjoy this pizza?
Which entity controls the conveyance seen here?
What is the young girl doing?
What is the item on the floor called?
What is the orange ball floating in the water behind a parked boat?
What type of dinosaur does this represent?
How many total feet are making contact with the ground?
How are the two children seen here related?
Who did they want to be Vice President?
What type of object powers these boats?
What kind of fruit is the yellow one?
What is the boy reaching for?
What is probably stinking up the market area?
When does this season take place?
What is happening to the young man's hat?
What kind of food is the person eating?
What part of the body does Dr. Eng work on?
What animal statues are sitting on the chair?
Who will pay for this meal?
What drug might be contained in this cup?
What has been reflected on the glass tabletop?
What is sitting on the desk on the right is seen very little since the computer age?
What fruit is the same colour as the roundish flower on the cover?
What item here can sometimes be poisonous?
What network is being shown on the television?
Who buys the food prepared here?
What word can be seen on the sign to the right?
How many years ago was this picture taken?
Where is he brushing his teeth in the house?
Where is the person traveling?
What type of shop is the woman near?
What drink has the owner of this cooler stocked up on?
What type of food item does the graffiti spell out?
Who took this picture?
What is the lady's expression for the camera?
What might people do in the blue structure?
What would happen if you connected a microphone to the box turned it on and put it near the box?
Why is the man in the silver vehicle?
What type of insect is the little girl's ride supposed to be?
What is this person getting ready to do?
What instrument is the man in the straw hat playing?
What is on top of the arch above the clock face?
What will be parked in front of the people?
Which one of these cities might that train visit?
How is this boat powered?
What kind of a forest is this?
What type of sign is shown?
What type of bicycle is located behind the desk?
What is he holding in his right hand?
For what do the people here wait?
The woman eating the fruit is likely on the path for what reason?
Why is the boy kicking his leg back?
What purpose does the green building to the left of the skate park serve?
What does the man in blue shorts have in his hands?
Who is the man feeding the banana to?
The cats on the desk are illuminated by what source of light?
Which character wears a similar hat to this person?
What is on the far left of the room?
What natural feature do the surfers like but the sailors of the boat here hate?
What are the blue marks from?
What type of mirror is the small circular one referred to as?
Which rider is catching the wave the best?
How many of the giraffes are attentive to the child?
The first powered controlled Aero plane to fly is what?
What type of diet does these giraffes have?
What is the most likely purpose for the glasses on the girls face?
What is near the cars?
What sort of wearable item is available for sale within?
Why is the Road Work Ahead sign upside down?
What large body of water is nearest this location?
Why is he grabbing the board?
What does the white mouse on the table do?
The name of the boat might be short for what longer name?
What is the vessel called that's parked in the harbor?
What does the Cola lack?
Which character wore a similar head covering to this man?
What is the type of cake?
What do many of the boats shown here normally use but lack here?
What is the primary vegetable in the salad?
What genus is a sheep in?
What flag is flying next to the clock?
What is the camera setup on in the middle of the room?
What is the ground the elephants are walking on made from?
What is the term for the maneuver the skaters will do next?
What structure is uppermost here?
The disk in the center of the pies here serve what preventive purpose?
What is this kind of bridge called?
Why are the bikes in this lot?
How is this train powered?
What item is causing a condensation puddle on the table?
What large appliance is shown?
Who designed the first building's logo?
What is the man on the left drinking?
Why is he looking at the other guy's laptop?
What is the long vehicle for?
Who did the British copy this game from?
What makes the stove here hot?
Which teddy bear is playing the role of a sailor?
What could be used to cover the cupcakes to keep them fresh?
What is she ready to do next?
Where does it seem like this photo was taken based on the umbrellas?
Which car has violated the law?
What is the mouse next to?
What type of area is fenced off behind the children?
What type of vehicle are the men riding?
Why are the chairs arranged this way?
What caused the white lines and blurry lines in the sky?
What is the plant sitting on?
What fruit is this man going to eat?
What team's hat is the skater wearing?
What is being sorted in this area?
Who is pictured in the painting in the background?
What are the men doing on top of the elephants?
What season are the ladies here celebrating?
What is the seafood called that's in this dish?
Why are the men shaking hands?
What are the two blond haired people doing?
What type of sign is on the building?
What is on top of the bun?
What are the people on the blue boards doing?
The Red white and blue circular emblem on the visible billboard here advertises for what company?
What style of pizza is being eaten?
What activity is this group preparing for?
What type of passenger service is available on this street?
Which mode of transportation shown here is most economical?
What process is used to make that cap?
What does the man have on?
What group of people is the design on the bag associated with?
Based on the photo which base is safe from being stolen?
What might this food attract in this location?
What type of animal is present on the grass?
What skill level does the young skier exhibit here?
What kind or area is being shown?
Where did this dog breed originate from?
Why did he put flour on the counter?
What baked good might be the only use for the leftmost bananas?
Where could the Limo seen here most readily top off their tank?
What video game controller does the girl have in her hand?
What is the man with mustache about to do?
What is the man probably applying on the surf?
Seeing dark clouds in the sky will remind you to bring what accessory that would be helpful if it starts to rain?
Where would you most likely see those long orange things?
Which way does one go to get to the airport?
What city are these buses in?
What is happening here?
What is the colour of their vehicle?
What keeps the temperature inside the glass here?
What kind of birds are on the ledge?
The flag of which country is flying on the boat?
What sail position utilized here minimizes boats damage during winds?
What is her weight range?
The person in the pink hat pretends they have what type ball?
Why do they all have blood on them?
If your teeth are dirty which thing here would be most useful?
How many persons paragliding?
Why is she holding the racquet with both hands?
Why are the people looking up?
The discarded wax candles present at the base of the cakes are the result of what event?
What is wrong with this image?
Why are some trees here leafless?
What is the important part of this sport?
Why is the man wearing a vest with a number on it?
The person reading is likely what kind of person?
What is he holding over his head?
What is the man in pink shorts holding a black stick doing?
A fleece is a kind of hair getting from which mammal?
The bottom pieces are made to land on what surface?
What might the man do on the banana peel?
What Sort of union are these people members of?
What animals activity is being judged here?
What pick me up is found in this woman's cup?
What is the purpose of this signage?
What do the little bottles on the lower counter contain?
What are the cars doing in the enclosed animal area?
What is 13 about to do?
What is the person in the street using to get around?
What material is the sink made of?
What kind of camera does the sponsor hope was used to take this photo?
This transit tunnel referred as what?
Why is the bus near the curb?
Why is the bus parked near the curb?
What is this child's parent doing?
Which vehicle will cost most to repair?
How did these skiers get to this location?
What are the people likely doing?
What type of railway system is the train on?
Why is the man riding the elephant holding a spear above his head?
What do these people ride around transporting?
In what type setting does the skateboarder skate here?
What language is the text below the English written in?
What does the sign showing the arrow with the line through it mean?
What make is the white car?
What is in the dog's mouth?
Where are these policemen patrolling?
Which fish is mentioned on the top street sign?
What kind of print is on his phone?
What is this man's job?
What is this man celebrating?
Why are they so close together?
What are drivers told is forbidden?
One can board a train in which region after they disembark from this bus?
What event is being carried out?
What direction is this person going?
What are these people doing?
Why are the cars so close together?
What is the silverware on the plate wrapped in?
What type of location is this?
What time of day is it?
What is the likeliness of the batter hitting this ball?
What's most likely to stop him from getting bitten?
What work does this bus need to have done on it?
Where is this animal located?
What are the people wearing?
What is his team's home state?
Why is the small child in the water?
Why are the children wearing numbers on their jackets?
The black device in front of the white keyboard indicates that this room has what type of service?
How is the small blue board the man is holding called?
What kind of stand is the man with the newspaper standing beside?
What time of the year is it?
What fabric is the stuffed animal made of?
The diner here had what sort of milestone today?
What exercise equipment is seen on the right?
How many more animals would be needed to make a dozen?
Skiing on the sloped area allows the skier to what change in elevation?
What political party does the mentioned politician belong to?
What are they preparing for?
What kind of pet is looking out the window?
What is one location along the buses route?
Why would someone sit at this table?
What are the people riding on?
What is the item closest to the green sign on the left that has the number 4 on it?
What is the greatest danger for the skateboarder right now?
What is the yellowish hard item sticking out from the animal?
What sport might the woman holding the ball be going to play?
The signs are expressing their love for which city?
What is the word closest to the left?
What is the man on one leg doing?
The Vax Platinum solution in the cleaner targets on which microbe?
How is the man on the right feeling?
What is the person in the heavy coat using the phone for?
Which vehicle shown in the photo goes the fast?
What is on the plate with the two wrapped forks?
Where is the man located?
What is the conveyer belt for?
How will these people standing in water leave where they are?
What working job does the dog shown have?
Why is the ball on the parasol?
What common game played by children is depicted by the sculpture?
What animal name does the first three letters on the wall spell?
What will keep the water from flooding the tracks?
What is that thing on top of the building called?
What sort of festival do these men attend?
Where are these girls playing?
What type of building does this seem to be?
What language are the words on the clock written in?
Which of these foods on the plate are highest in fat?
What setting to the animals shown here prefer?
What meal are the people most likely eating at the table?
What is in the man's hand?
What is the bike being used to transport?
What is the opposite of the first word found on the blue sign?
The thing that is under the desk belongs to what family?
What has been done to the license plate?
What should this person be wearing?
What is near the hydrant?
The man in brown Controls what?
What are the boys doing in the sand near the shoreline?
What is the statue holding?
What did this tennis player just do?
What is the smaller bird in between the two larger birds?
What game stage is the man involved in?
What natural element decorates most fully vertically here?
What vegetable is the unusual one on the pizza?
What country does this flag represent?
What alerts people here of a safe crossing time?
What is on the right and left of the clock?
What is an unusual concern that people at this beach have?
According to the sign what can people do in this downtown?
What kind of view might be seen from the windows on the house?
What is the man helping the kid do?
What is the yellow bus about to do?
What is the man using to cook?
What is making it difficult to see?
What is the man doing in the air?
What is near the laptop?
What is the name of the animals present?
What other sport might be undertaken in this situation?
Where is this bench located?
What type of animals are present?
What company makes the cards associated with the machine?
Which amusement allows the greatest view here?
Why is he wearing a glove?
Which one of these companies makes that type of headgear that he's wearing?
Which character is known for wearing a similar item on their head to this man?
What will this couple use to dine here?
How would the animal in the middle be described in relation to the other two?
This animal will have how many teeth when it is an adult?
What is the woman standing in front of?
What type of park is this?
When the driver continues going straight what is at risk of getting run over?
What language seems to be on the back of the train?
What is the yellow truck doing?
The woman in the blue sweater is holding a device matching which console?
What is the main type of food being served?
The orange rimmed building probable sells which of these products?
What should the man wearing a white helmet do?
Where is the man in the uniform walking from?
What is the man with dreadlocks attempting?
What item is in the officer's breast pocket?
What protein is in this dish?
What is the man attempting to block with his fingers?
What is he doing?
What other menu item are they eating besides pizza?
What session of the day is shown in the photo?
What did the batter just do?
Who was famous for doing what the person with the name tag is doing?
What's the name for the body type of the red vehicle?
What is the coldest place in the area?
What are the people in the middle of?
How is the man's sight without assistance?
What is the number 16064 written on?
What type of bread is being used here?
How will the skateboard land?
What type of cat is this?
What is everyone looking at?
What protective gear should the woman wear?
What mythical creature does the person who owns the pink boat favor?
The brown liquid substance on the bottom of the plate is probably?
What might you buy in this kiosk?
These animals are doing what?
Which object would have the least amount of flavors in it?
In what place was the bread eaten here cooked?
Where are these items being stored?
What job do many of the people shown here share?
How many distinct species of animals are in the field?
What is being held in this room?
From where did the most fragrant plant originate here?
What might someone do if they sit at the table shown?
What is written on the tags?
What is the chairs on the elephant called?
What does the nearby metal utensil excel at?
What type of animal is shown?
What type of area is shown?
What person played a similar sport to this person?
What would be the most appropriate beverage for the family to have?
What is the woman holding the umbrellas hat shaped like?
What material are these boats made out of?
In which Country do these bovines recline?
Why is the man holding an umbrella?
Is this toilet is wall hung type?
What is the man in the blue shirt looking at?
What are the fruits arranged to resemble?
What are the two men doing?
Player with what number threw the frisbee?
What is the first terrain on the right?
What style of facial hair is the man sporting?
What us reflecting in the glass?
What is the name of dining candles?
What is the woman doing with the poodle?
What is the yellow object on the billboard to the right?
What style design connects the two bus parts here?
What type of surface is holding this vase?
What type activity does the man here take part in?
What is placed in the underneath of a plane storage?
How was the item on the plate cooked?
Where is this meal being served?
This modern cutlery design is invented specially for?
What God is worshiped here?
This animal is frequently used as transportation by what profession?
What type of traffic is allowed on the overpass?
How many of the 4 kids are holding skies?
How is the kitchen counter by the stove illuminated?
How long is a giraffe's neck?
What does he use to build momentum?
How many people must stop at the intersection?
What are they using the umbrellas to protect themselves from?
What game is being played here?
What is decade are the phones most likely from?
What is the role of Bank of America to the game?
Why is the wall here?
What does one do when sitting at this piece of furniture?
What needs to be fixed here on an urgent basis?
What side of the rest is usually best for passing?
What type of event is this?
The bags were likely placed on the bed by whom?
Where are the brushes place?
What is the green and yellow helmet made out of?
What relationship does the large animal have with the smaller one?
What phenomenon do these surfers hope for?
Why are the buses lined up?
What is the capital of the state depicted here?
Why do you need to frequently repair beach houses?
What area of the building is this?
What does Northwestern Medicine provide in this game?
What do the items shown here come from originally?
What is sprinkled on the donuts?
What nation's flag are the birds flying towards?
The third book from the left that has a title on the spine would be used by who?
What type of board are the two standing on?
What is the dark food product on the sandwich?
What would be the most fitting name for this custom dessert?
What do the tarps shown on these vessels do for the inside of the boats?
What are the guys in the background doing for jobs?
What type of restaurant serves this food?
This train is moved by what energy?
Where are these cars located?
What kind of trick is the man doing on the half pipe?
What is the circular silver object on the boat used for?
Where are these people?
What does the number on his back signify?
What is the key to getting the dog to stay in place here?
Why is he in the middle of the lake?
Why is the boy reaching for the ball?
What will the people shown here have for dessert?
How fast can an automobile travel on this street?
What is the toddler doing?
Why is he standing like that?
The clear umbrellas used by the people on this street is indicative of which country's culture?
What activity might most people here do on this day?
What is the old man doing with the scissors?
What type of signs are these?
What is the relationship of the man wearing white checker shirt to the woman wearing white skirt in this situation?
What kind of fruits might be said to sit on the items being prepared here besides tomatoes?
What are the colorful lights used for?
What might live in this environment?
What part of this image is added post shooting?
Who is the CEO of this airline?
What is the orientation of this vehicle?
How would this man defend himself if attacked?
What does the person in mid air want to do with the frisbee?
What is the person on the skateboard wearing?
How is this image created?
Whose leg is visible on the background?
Why is this man with these animals?
Why is the white lines on the glass?
Why is the woman wearing a white bandana holding a phone up?
Where is this dog's owner?
What would normally be stored in these cases?
What is the spoon used for with the red paste?
What is the white bowl with holes in it on the left used for?
What is the man doing in the shadows?
What kind of screen is furthest left in this messy room?
Which famous painter liked to paint women with hair the colour of the woman on the left's?
What type of loose material is strewn on the floor where the animals are standing?
What is being displayed on the screen in front of the class?
What would this vehicle primarily be used for?
What material do these kite flyers stand upon?
What problem are the two people on the right facing?
What kind of net is shown?
What company is sponsoring the tennis match?
What is the birthday person's name?
In which country is this picture taken?
What word would best describe their movement?
What type of social gathering probably occurs here?
What keeps the object in the sky stationary?
What video game system are they playing?
Most of these items are probably used on what?
How was the orange used for display prepared?
What does the woman use the umbrella for?
The ATVs being carried on the flatbed truck are used by which public agency?
Why should they wear gloves?
What is the last letter on the last screen to the right?
Why does cut the cake?
What type of building might this bathroom be in?
What is he getting read to do?
What prevents the motorcycle from falling over?
What is the process that produces the type of animal depicted on the bench called?
What are the people on the vehicle to the right involved in?
What surface are the men playing on?
The clay cooking ware made from hand is at least how old?
What flavoured beverage is in the bottle?
What kind of chopper is this?
Which direction are the people seen riding the lift going?
What type terrain is this train passing over?
Why are the men wearing a green vest?
What temperature is in the orange and white box?
What color seat does someone handicapped sit on here?
What type of car is this?
What is the video game console connected to the television currently doing?
Why does the boy in yellow cover his head?
In which direction is the bear seen here currently moving?
Where would lighting be most likely to hit in this area?
What might her religion be?
What is the maximum speed of the horse?
What can be played on here?
What is the wall on the right made from?
What type byway is shown here?
What are the men taste testing?
What body part can you see in the shadows?
To whom is the ball being thrown?
What is the woman preparing?
What airport is this?
What type of structures are shown?
What is bad about this food?
The blue bottle is there to satisfy what need?
Where is this scene taking place?
Where was this food obtained?
The animal on the right can best be described how?
What type of building does this dog live in?
What meal is being served at the white table?
What is the black outfit the surfer is wearing made of?
What is the man putting on?
Who went on a quest for the item the man has in his hand?
Why are the skis pointing away from each other?
What skill does the child hone here?
Which child is probably the guest of honor?
What is she doing on the bench?
Why is the person using an umbrella?
What is the equipment in the background used for?
What continent are these animals naturally found?
WHat is the item with wires called?
Which wood used to make baseball bat?
What action is the player here about to take?
In which class of the sport does the tennis player compete?
What activity happens near and in this structure?
What sort of oil is available on this table?
What state are giraffes in?
The kite here is designed to resemble what?
What shot is the man about to hit?
What are the blue signs on the pole showing?
What type of bread was used for the sandwich?
Where is the boy playing at?
Which holiday is being celebrated at this home?
What is the position of the player in the middle of the field?
What is the method being used to cook the broccoli?
Which type of vehicle avoids this road?
Why is the women using the paper in her hands?
What type of dress code seems to be in place here?
What is next to the tracks?
Why is the boy reaching towards the ground?
What size bed is this?
Which area is viewed here?
Why are they shoveling sand in the bucket?
Which building would be hardest to invade?
What is the image of?
Why might the animals need to be moved into the red vehicle?
What are the white triangles in the distance surrounded by blue?
What type of room is seen here?
What is the name of the white device in the men's hands?
What is the white squared on the upper left used for?
What is the breed of the cat in the image?
What is the sign in front of?
What type media theme might the man cutting the cake enjoy?
What kind of fuel does the lamp use?
What is this woman doing?
What American state might this location be?
Why are the bananas green?
What is the lane painted green for?
What is in the yellow bottle by the sink?
What is the person with the hat on sitting in?
What action caused the dust to fly?
The kite on the left looks like what beast?
What brand skirt she worn?
Which sense would be stimulated if one sat here?
Person wearing what color of shirt is playing game with the woman in black?
How many types of surfboards are there?
When did she get married?
What type of lighting technology is present within the traffic light?
Who is the man in black wearing a hat on the left?
What type of area is shown?
What are bricks mostly made of?
Where will people located here sleep tonight?
What privacy violation is missing from the bathroom?
What are they doing?
What season is it in the image?
What is being hauled on the right?
What is the man ready to do with the ball?
What drug is this man ingesting?
What is the likeliness this dog is enjoying being groomed?
Where are the players going?
Why is he sitting on a bike?
If you need to leave your car for a while and need to go down the narrow street ahead what should you do?
What number president was the man on the cover of the magazine?
What's the maximum speed that a car's speedometer can read in this area?
What kind of team is this celebrating?
The cow belongs to which genus?
The flying objects are part of what sport?
What is the vessel called that holds the most amount of beer on the table?
What will the man have to do to catch the Frisbee coming at him?
What dangerous event might occur?
What nationality is the young girl?
The pitcher that is covered here contains what?
What substance is about to be poured into the construction area?
Which one of these natural disasters might this car get caught in?
The boat here moves under what sort of power?
What can you use here if you want to withdraw money from your account?
What religion is shared by the turbaned men?
How much milk can a cow give per day?
Who many normally enter this space?
What are the metal arches used for?
What province is this located?
What sort of business innovation is being heralded here?
What is the man doing at the front of the train car?
What is on the bed?
What other utensil usually goes alongside the one shown?
What is the aim or end hope area for the girls moving the ball where do they want it to go?
What kind of surfboard it is?
Why is the red vehicle stopped here?
What color jacket is the leftmost person wearing?
Who was a famous version of this animal?
Which vegetable contains the most vitamin A?
What's the name of the large pan the woman is using?
How is the person that is standing likely related to the person shown eating?
What is the person doing?
What is the man using to control the grey device?
How many people can this room accommodate?
What season is it here?
What group of people are specially accommodated in the bus?
Where are these boys on the way to or from?
What stadium is this game taking place in?
What kind of hat is the man wearing?
What is the outcome if the ball went over the fence?
What kind of advertisement is the one on the side of the bus?
What will be visible on the rug if the coffee table is moved?
Where is this person working?
In which country can you find this train?
How did the skateboarder get so high in the air?
What birds roost here?
What is the man doing?
Why is the person on the right of the elephants holding a bucket?
What beverage are these ladies having?
In which country is this sport most popular?
What is the man doing with his utensils?
What is near the tree?
The sculpture in front of the building is modeled after what common object found on a sidewalk?
What type of cheese is generally used on this food?
What is unique about the size of this parking spot?
What job do those behind the various stands have?
What can you get for the night if you call 210-878-0034?
What is the person practicing?
What are the men worrying about?
What is between the trees?
What type of sky is this?
What might the bucket shown here be used for here?
What sport are the men playing?
Why is the man wearing glasses?
What material is the boat made of?
What type of food is the animal on the bed classified as?
What material is the red jacket made of?
From which floors balcony could someone get the most optimal view here?
What is the cause of the visual aberration beneath the skateboard?
These foods belong to what family?
The woman on the left has what above her nose?
What trick is the man with his hand up doing?
Why is the girl holding her hand to her ear?
What does the woman standing want to take here?
What is the man doing?
What kind of juice is the woman probably retrieving from the refrigerator?
What is unusual about the name of the boat?
What allows the surfer to maintain proper body temperature?
What is the man's position?
What brand of socks does the man have on?
Where are these people sitting?
Why is the image mostly green?
The user of the phone is drinking a beer in which city?
What move is this female player making?
What is the man doing on the skateboard?
Why is she standing on the stool?
What period of the day is it in the photo?
What's the name of the wooden structure on the stones?
What is the plane flying over?
What game is being played here?
Why all the logs?
Who is the woman in black seated on the court?
This street is located in what continent?
What might the lady standing here purchase?
What is the nickname for the first name on the wood sign?
Why no hands or head?
What activity is this location used for?
What does the man in white shirt and black and white shorts want to do with the frisbee first here?
How many lower classifications do ostriches has?
What activity is the old lady engaging in?
What is delivered in the brown box?
What is the gold object near the front of the train?
What does this lady intend to do?
What is she getting ready to do?
What is the woman in yellow waiting for?
In which direction will the horses most likely go next?
Which food is this country famous for?
What league is the player playing in?
What is inside the tall glasses?
What is the source of the water here?
What event is this horse good at?
What is being trimmed here?
What is the woman behind the counter's profession?
What do the buttons to the right of the tissue rolls control?
What did the people who wait here just exit?
Why is the man in the rear wearing green clothing?
When does the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect in?
Which object here would be the heaviest?
This man is wearing a mask to look like a politician from what country?
Where is the person to whom the shown keys belong now?
What is the man doing with the red machine?
What type of area is shown?
What is the other successful auto company from this company's country?
Why does the man on the surf board crouch?
The dominant color on the shirt is the same color as what food item?
What type of persons ride the bus here?
What is the with glasses on her head looking at?
Why is the player in white wearing gloves?
In which manner are the potatoes here prepared?
Why is this statue partially white?
Which elevation is this skateboarder likely to go to next?
What purpose does the orange netting serve?
This food is likely high in what?
What venue is this?
Who is the woman in relation to the child in red?
What organism was usually transported in the black object?
What does the girl in blue have on her hand?
How are these desserts cooked?
How do these two know each other?
What is the name of the beard style?
What is needed to light the candles on the chandeliers?
What type of animal is the middle toy the child is holding?
Which part of the animals is abnormal?
What protection feature covering the glass on the door is made out of what material?
What is the occupation of the two men?
What type of luggage do persons have here?
What is this type of waterway called?
What other utensil is paired with this one?
What is the group doing at the beach?
What is the food held by the person used for?
Why is the woman using an umbrella?
What information does such an electronic billboard depict in this scenario?
What is on the advertisement overlooked by the gold clock?
Why are they dressed in black?
Besides seating what do the white items shown serve as?
What is near the waves?
Dark condition is due to the absence of which molecule?
Why is the man with the yellow surfboard holding swim fins?
What is the man doing with the beans?
From where is the snow that is being loaded here?
What is the man in the suit and hat doing?
What activity is he doing?
Where is the plane in the foreground from?
The plush bear is dressed to celebrate what occupation?
Which mode of transportation seen here would get someone to a location faster?
The yellow liquid in the bottle with the green cap comes from what item?
Why is the woman wearing a neon yellow vest?
What skill is the small person here learning?
Why si the board hanging from the box?
Who plays this sport?
What is located behind the plane?
What can be used for identification here?
How many teeth a human does have?
Which objects are out of their natural habitat?
What country is known for an annual festival that revolves around the liquid in the glass?
What is probably behind the face of the circle up top?
What is most likely inside of the building next to the cars?
Which food provides the most vitamin A?
What is the bus primarily used for?
Who utilizes the ramp shown here?
Who uses this toilet located here?
What amenity in the bus is shown on the window?
What pastime does the cigar smoker here take part in?
This boy would most likely watch what athlete on TV?
How does the person feet contact the bed?
What type of electronic device are the headphones connected to?
Where is this airplane parked?
Which animal is a predator of these types of animals?
How is the measuring cup being heated?
How are the fruits transported?
Before going aloft what did the man ride?
This child has what on their face?
Why does he hold the string?
Why is the man holding a large sign?
What step of donut creation is this scene at?
Why does the woman have her arms out?
What is she doing?
Who is the traffic signs for?
What are the two objects on the pole above the motorcycles used for?
What type food is this man enjoying?
What are most keys made of?
What energy powers the toothbrush?
This man most closely resembles who?
What produce is featured in this image?
What color is the officer riding on the police motorcycle to the left?
What body type does this woman have?
What is contained in each magnet seen here?
World skate is the head controller of which sport?
What type of bus is shown?
Is the water safe for swimming?
The middle athlete looks like an what?
What is the relationship of the man to the woman?
What kind of Riesling is possibly being served?
What is a good age to start skiing?
What does the Red skyborne item indicate?
What is this action called?
What direction are the cars going?
What type of utensils would you use if you ate in Shanghai restaurant?
What does the child control symbolically with the white device?
What is the name of this game?
Where is she located?
Why is there a chain on this elephant?
Bakers usually charge by the what to make these items?
What state does it look like the photographer might be in?
Why is his hand stretched out?
What company is known for selling the green item here?
What item shown here is most likely to be litter?
What activity is she participating in?
What is he doing?
In which setting is this street?
Where is this cat located?
Which of these horses would stand out in a dark setting?
Why are there leaves on the ground?
What surface are the girls playing on?
In what type of setting do the sitting persons find themselves?
What type of field are they playing on?
Why is the man raising his hands above his head?
What style of food is being served?
What type of sign is the one with a red hand?
What venue is shown on the right?
What is being served in the tall glass?
What is the name of the trick the man in red is performing?
The bright blue lights are doing what in the dark?
How are the people in the stands here likely related to the players on the field here?
What is the silver bumper of the truck made of?
What are they walking on?
What item here makes the horse go forward focusing?
Which celebrity is known for owning this type of pet?
Where can you legally ride this type of bike?
What activity are they partaking in?
What is the man in the back doing?
What will allow the people to see should this scene take place at night?
Which animal would weigh more than this vehicle if it had no passengers?
Which screen would help one find directions?
What is the person eating?
Where were soft bear dolls invented?
What essential workers wear the same hat that the boy is wearing?
The tanks seen in the background above the building once held what?
What is in the shaker jar next to the beverage?
The longest item here is usually found with what character?
What type of trees are shown?
What countries flag is seen on one of the boats?
What does the red and white sign prohibit?
What is the person here most likely to do to the Elephants?
What would happen if the lines in the air were damaged?
What is hanging from the shelf on the right?
Where are the people waiting to go?
What type of lane is shown?
How is the boy dressed differently from the girl?
What type of shirt is the man on the right wearing?
What kind of strike is he preparing to do?
What keeps the White teddy bear suspended?
What does the man hold in his left hand?
What is on the plate near the left of the table?
How will the people standing in the street mostly travel today?
What pattern is the young guy's shirt?
Which direction does branch street run?
What sport might be being played here?
Which vehicle most likely runs on diesel?
Where were kites invented?
What is the main reason to stay in this room?
The player in the image playing which sport?
Why is the man swinging his arm?
What sort of diet might the person at the table have?
What activity is the truck here taking part in?
What program is on the TV?
How does the young boarder balance himself?
What sort of skill level do the opposing teams have at this game?
In what city is the company that makes this beverage located?
What alcoholic beverage is being consumed here?
The stuffed doll has four what?
What is the boy in the green shirt's hands touching?
What subject is mentioned on the cover of the book?
Who are these men riding on horses?
What word can describe the bun best?
What vegetable is shown in the picture?
What kind of vegetable is pictured?
What are the bottles to the right of the sink used for?
What type of water are they riding by?
What will the couple looking at the cake do now?
Where is the owner of this bicycle now?
Who are the street signs for?
Where is the person on the bike headed?
Which gang wears similar colors to these shirts?
Where is the dog supposed to get the sheep to go?
What can is on the table?
What unique feature do the childs pants have?
Why is the boy wearing a glove?
What type of clothing are the people wearing?
WHat is the price of the coffee?
The handwriting on the design of the mans tie is written in what form?
What are the girls holding?
What is the person on the board trying to maintain?
The topping on the pizza falls under what food group?
Where are the plates?
Why is the man wearing gloves?
What product might these animals produce without causing the animal's deaths?
What is this child being told to do?
What road is this school on?
What animal is the man on the horse facing?
How many species likely share this bed including the owner?
The flags share the same colors as the flag of what other country?
The decor is reminiscent of what public building?
When might the most recent snow have been in this locale?
In which ways can one clean their body here?
Why is their hand held way back?
What kind of cheese is on top of the pizza?
What does the street sign indicate is not allowed?
What is on the desk?
What numbered day of the week is it?
What is the name for the tallest building?
What kind of 'day' is this known as to hill enthusiast?
How is the child crossing the street seating making progress?
Who brought the paper objects that are on the table to the house?
Why is the boy blocking the view of his phone?
What is he looking at?
Why is the skateboard in the air?
What footwear maker is advertised in the outfield?
What type of vegetables are shown?
What does the truck next to the delta jet carry?
What is attached to the string?
What kind of animal is this dog?
What type of video game is the man in black playing?
What game is being played here?
What are the hats the men are wearing called?
What sport are the people playing?
In what setting does the woman walk?
Which one of these would make the cows want to leave this location?
What are they doing?
What city is this?
Where is the school bus in relation to mirror?
What one improvement could be made to this truck to make it seem more valuable?
What does the woman need this bag for?
What has the sheep been entered in here?
How will she tell her supervisor about the welfare of the animal?
What is inside of the large cake with green top and bottom?
How are these types of clocks called?
What former Atlanta Brave is pictured in this jersey?
What is the main ingredient of this artificial sweetener?
What sport are the men playing?
What will the person walk on to cross the street here?
Which of these foods on the plate are highest in carbs?
What famous scientific instrument was created by the person's name on the cargo?
What is the boy in the foreground doing?
What is the man standing on the green sign doing?
What type of vehicle will be needed if this weather continues?
What countries flag can be seen at the front of the plane?
What state does this team come from?
Which one of these will be useful after dinner is finished?
If you left a bucket out here what would you most likely get?
World surf league is the highest governing body of which sport?
What is the bus type shown in picture?
In which location does this bus run?
Where are the adults probably?
What is under the clock?
What type of vehicle are the people boarding?
What happened to the sandwich along the edge?
What could block the washer's door from opening?
What shape is the outer edge of the sink?
Why are the boards there?
What holds the scooter up when it's parked?
The item in the medium plate is often eaten with what?
What is making the man's pocket pop up?
Why is the man near the plane wearing a yellow vest?
What are these creatures doing?
What is the name for the large birds near the shore?
What is the man wearing on his head?
What is the tool used to cut a dog's nails?
What must people refrain from doing for the safety of the animals?
What would you likely put in the thing on the ground that looks like garbage?
What item other than the eyeglasses is upside down on the table?
The persons here are having what?
Where was this bus before it went into the water?
What is the brand of sport shoes worn by the man who is performing on the skateboard?
What instance of building is shown in the image?
What winter sport equipment are the people holding?
Where is this person located?
How are these men related?
What cap/apparel company is a sponsor for the stadium?
Why is he wearing a crown?
How old is the girl at the table?
What style of tennis is being played here?
In which country modern surfing has been initiated?
What century does this picture depict?
Which flower blends best with its leaves?
What part of the woman is hanging over the left side of the couch?
What is the large silver object to the left used to store?
What country could this elephant come from?
Why is the woman with gray hair leaning towards the table?
Based on the dog's short legs what is it's most likely breed?
What carbon-based mineral powers the engine?
What part of the flight is the AeroMexico plane in?
What kind of facility can be found nearby?
What does the girl dine on?
Where is the woman getting hair cut?
Where was the frisbee invented?
Which way is the black cow with yellow tag facing?
What type of lampshade is on the lamp?
What is the small blue cart used for?
What is the black oval-shaped object mounted above the sink?
There are a line of cars at the intersection because of what reason?
What is used to weigh the produce before purchasing?
What type of red sliced topping is on the pizza?
Who was a famous player for this team?
What is bouncing on the floor?
Where is this train located?
The electrical outlets in the room are following the electrical standards of which country?
Why are they in this enclosed case?
Where is the child practicing?
Where is this game being played?
What is the lady about to do?
What are the two people engaging in?
Why would someone sit at this table?
Why does the man have numbers written on his arm?
What's the name of the type of outfit the woman in blue is wearing?
What time of day is it during the game?
What corporation made the shirt the woman is wearing?
What footwear are these people wearing?
What kind of sandwich is the child making?
Why do skiers wear suits?
What cereal is flavored with chocolate to make this cereal?
How many cars are visibly shown in this photo?
What race is this person holding the apples?
Whose birth is being celebrated here?
What is the blue vehicle doing?
How is the roof shape of the building called?
What made the icing that color?
What type job were people in yellow vests recently doing?
What is the skier ready to do?
Where are the women on the blankets sitting?
Where is this meal served at?
What useful item is he missing?
What are the men most probably trying to do to the elephants?
What is the green object with holes in it called?
What do the people here enjoy?
Where is the lady located in?
Why does the woman use an umbrella?
What animal is near the motorcycles?
Why does the woman have the helmet on?
What will this child hold while they play with this toy?
What handedness does the batter here have?
What style is this bike decorated in?
What could you buy here?
What does the blue traffic sign with a stick figure in the center most likely indicate?
The man looks like he is doing what kind of move?
What is the wooden bit around the ceiling called?
What is the man in jeans sitting on?
What is the white rounded object on the right?
Where is the safest place for a skateboarder to cross the street?
Why is the man smiling?
What might the occasion be?
What is the stuffed bear most likely being used as?
What ringing item can be found above the clock?
What type of hairline does the standing man have?
What type action is the tennis player here doing?
What might come from the right or left at any time?
What has the boy made using the bottle?
What famous Japanese franchise for children is part of the kite on display by the vendor?
What is on the ground in front of the group?
What period of the day is shown here?
What language must someone speak in order to understand what items are offered?
Why is the image blurred?
What does the man all the way to the right have on?
Who can stand on their float?
What type employees move the smaller vehicles shown here?
What is the most obvious thing that has been done to the unusual hair?
Why are the bikes leaning over?
What is the music stores name used as a substitute for in the signage?
Which person has control when riding in the flag adorned vehicle?
What is crossing the bridge?
The restaurant on the banner is named for a location on what island?
What is the type of tent which is behind the man in the red shirt?
How many species can be seen here of mammals?
What is the man carrying with his right arm?
What missing connector caused the positioning of this sign?
How much farther can the red socks be pulled up normally?
What type of phone is being used?
What is this name for this type of restaurant?
What accessory should the boy wear for better protection?
How do these people know each other?
After this batter finishes what does the person batting next wear on their head?
What is the brown object in the squatting man's hand?
What does the left jars store?
In which country is this bus most likely traveling?
What service are they providing to the kids?
What is in the tomato sauce?
Where is the person in?
Which appliance is free of thermal conduction?
What does this vehicle travel on?
What are the two men waving?
Jaldapara National Park is famous for which animal?
What are the bananas intended for?
What type of animal is shown?
What could be used to make the walnuts in their current condition?
Why are people sitting on the sidewalk?
How many mufflers are there in the bike?
Why are the traffic cones positioned in the location that they are?
What type of video game might the man be playing?
Which river is shown in picture?
Why is the girl pulling a tree behind her?
What does the girl come to this venue for?
The food containing the most potassium is in which row?
The man seated on the bench is interested in what?
At what locale do the people stand?
What is this animals biggest predator?
What type of vehicle is shown?
At what kind of location are they skateboarding?
What is on the clock?
Where might someone buy a ticket for this train?
What device is the one most probably attached to the man's arm?
Why are the bikes all stopped?
What must make contact with the surface of the ground in order to stick the landing?
What act are these boys doing?
The popular American brand of hot sauce is made up of what?
What kind of music band do they play music in?
What type of phone is available?
What is the photo showing?
What kind of musical group is this?
Why is there writing on the boat?
What are the trees in the background called?
What animal is near the flowers?
What type of top is the boy wearing?
What is at the top of the pole with the square top?
What kind of occasion is the light blue clothing for?
What technique is being utilized to capture movement in this scene?
What is the oval object on the bike tire used for?
What state is this driver's final destination?
On which countries soil does this bus operate?
Where are the seats placed inside?
What is the boy doing?
How many people can most likely sit down to a meal at the dinner table?
What event is most likely memorialized in the display?
What is the relationship of the woman to the girl?
The clock is reading five minutes before which hour?
Which shadow is the longest?
What is the item in the middle called?
What is the kite above the man with the board used for?
What is the vessel in the foreground called?
What relationship do the girls under the umbrella likely have?
Why does the woman use pink umbrella?
What type stove is seen here?
What is she doing?
What is the umbrella topped structure on the right supposed to resemble?
What are the kids doing?
Why does the sign have all the strange writing?
Which US state is this street situated in?
When the rainfall total is high the town faces the possibility of what natural disaster?
What is he observing through the lens?
What organization is the man's outfit from?
Where will the boat go if the wind stops?
What position is the man in blue on the dirt playing?
What surface allows the trains to be mobile?
Why has caused traffic to be so light on this roadway?
What are the donuts being stored in?
What is the man most likely using to move in the water?
When was the company on the truck founded?
What is the child wearing the pink head covering for?
What colour is the board on the bottom right?
What is in his shirt pocket?
The lane closest to the sidewalk is for which person?
What does the man here do?
Where would the contents of this image probably be seen exactly assis?
The large blue plane has a logo that looks similar to the logo of what brand?
Which photographic technique was used to capture the flow of traffic?
What group of people are accommodated in this bus?
What does the red stuff add to this dish?
What taste does the green food have?
Which superhero does she admire?
Where in the world would you most be likely to find a location like the one these people are at?
What type of trick is the boy in grey performing?
What category of animal is their mascot in?
Why are the ducks nestling their beaks in this manner?
Which food had its pit removed?
Where is this food located?
What are the white objects near the elephants trunk?
What mode of transport is in the above picture?
What type of diet are these creatures known to be?
Who is the man standing in front of the group?
What is happening in the scene?
What is the likely relationship of the old woman to the young woman?
What kind of pizza does the person like?
Who might offer a paid ride to somebody?
What type of fruit is hanging from the ceiling?
What is the name given to the birds in the picture?
What is the tray made from?
What is in the little green bottle in between the two top bowls?
What is the composition of the falling material?
This photo was taken from inside what?
What might the people who ride in the vehicle be returning from?
What is on the wall?
Which direction is to Botetourt?
What is sitting next to the laptop?
What fruit does the condiment originate from?
What is in the plastic bottle on the right?
What sort of food is being moved here?
The man wearing what color of shirt is responsible for rendering decisions on judgment calls?
What move is this player employing?
What does the flying thing make use of on the ground?
What kind of environment is this?
Why is the train car parked by itself?
What is the orange building?
What is the man standing in?
What should the car do when it approaches this light?
What did this person just do with their left hand?
What can be found on the round table?
What is the most common horse competition?
What are they ready to do here?
These people will most likely celebrate what wedding anniversary next year?
What type of donuts are these?
What are the orange cones on the road called?
What company has trademarked the popular name of this toy?
Where are these polar bears being kept?
How does the smoke escape from the building behind the person?
Who founded the company shown in the building?
What handedness does the Giants player possess?
How does the person who lives here relax at bedtime?
Why are some cyclists wearing yellow?
What profession is the man who is riding the horse?
What is the most odd ingredient of this pizza?
What prevents the dog from biting the frisbee?
What might you likely do at the building with a clock on it?
What does the child do here?
If a boat was responsible for their momentum the sport would be called what?
Approximately how many miles are there between the home cities of these two teams?
What is the driver of the blue car participating in?
Why is the one guy wearing a yellow uniform?
The man on the motorcycle is pretending to act as what type of person?
What is the bus stopped outside of?
What is the name of the Garage?
What is the woman most likely to be most days of the week?
What animal might be found in this things?
How do the people know each other?
What type of outerwear is the woman wearing?
What is the man wearing a purple shirt doing?
Before 2021 when was the last time this home team won the World Series?
What is on the far left?
What type of room is this?
Why is the person reaching out to the giraffe?
What are these babies considered to be?
Why does the small person in blue hold the stick?
What's the long silver object on the bike behind the man's foot?
What might you find here?
How is the dog probably traveling?
How many stops will the bus make excluding the final destination?
What is the first number on the license plate?
What kind of loads are the trucks probably used to haul?
What type of animal is shown?
What are the people looking over?
What is the white paper with words on it?
How many people are visible in the stands?
What does the weather seem like it'd be here?
The sandwiches that are popular here are sourced from what animal?
If the drinks consist a little amount of alcohol what it will be called?
Why is the boy in red kneeling?
Where will the guy on third base run to next?
What are the people doing near the bus?
What is the shovel carried here meant to be used for first?
What is wrong with this photo?
How would these animals be described?
Why has the man covered his head?
Why are the animals there?
What is the large object trying to get you to do?
What continent is this?
What is the woman looking down at?
What setting is this venue?
Who provided these umbrellas?
Where is the fruit or vegetable which contains the most potassium?
How old is the birthday girl?
A group of these animals is referred to as what?
What is being displayed behind glass on the lower shelf?
What kind of location is this most likely to be?
What is the name of the yellow vehicle the man in red is on?
Why are the people laying on blankets?
What sort of business has left their wares on the street and sidewalk here?
What branch of a travel company is advertised here?
Why is there a bucket by the man playing guitar?
What direction are the elephants facing?
What bank is a sponsor of the tennis match?
What shirt brand is represented by the amphibious animal?
How does he block out the noise of the city?
What is this sports equipment made of?
What are these men on horseback holding in their hands?
What powers this train?
What type of bus is shown?
What are the men displaying around their necks?
What is the relationship status of this man?
Which animal makes a food that is advertised here?
What type of lights are on on the car?
What might someone need if they are walking by this clock?
What might happen below the TV?
What is used to sook the food?
How many watts does a night lamp use?
How many spotted white chickens are there?
Near what feature does the person throw the ball to the catcher?
What has caused the puddle in front of the bus?
What was done to this pizza?
Which room is this?
What type of vegetable is the bowl full of?
How are the people in the background descending?
What is the man holding the bat doing?
What is the purpose of the object?
What type of meal will be served later?
In what continent is this airport situated at?
What is different about this pizza than most pizzas?
What are the pants called being worn by the equestrians?
What might the man be using the dog to find?
What direction is the wind blowing here?
What is a mini version of this food called?
What is on the couch?
How many cars are visible or barely visible around the black car in focus?
If you have trouble walking what pictured thing might assist you here?
Why are their mouths open?
What has been rubbed off the top of the railing shown here?
What country is this bus in?
Who goes to this place?
What is the horse on the right staring at?
WHat type of architecture is on the ceiling?
Why is he playing the instrument?
What would impede a disabled person in a wheelchair from joining the people at the table?
Why is the man bending over?
Why is the player wearing a glove?
What would be the best outcome for this person shown here?
What animal did the topmost ingredient come from?
What fun activity is shown?
What are airplane propellers made of?
What is on the table that can help them refill their drinks?
What flag does the woman have on her motorcycle?
What type of trees are on the left?
What is separating the boy from the polar bear?
What sport are these people fans of?
What company took over that phone company?
Person's who work here report at which time of day to work?
What is the luxury division of this motor company?
What type of service sponsors this stadium?
The bread looks like it is filled with what?
What kind of Panorama photography it is?
The man on the motorcycle is outside of which brand of motorcycle dealer?
What animal is the blue balloon on the right shaped as?
Where is the woman with the large surfboard?
What type of printing is used to create these items?
Who is likely taking this picture in relation to the person who poses?
Which one of these foods can likely be purchased inside?
Why do horses need shoes?
What country is depicted in the photo?
Why is the man wearing a covering over his face?
If he is going to step out from under this structure he should put on what?
In which location was the man probably photographed?
What is spraying all around?
Where is this cat likely hanging out?
Why are the men wearing badges?
From what source does the item held in this woman's mouth come?
Why is this hill so small?
In what century was this picture taken?
What part of his body is he trying to protect with equipment?
Why are the eggs placed in the container?
What is the man in the middle doing?
Who owns the dogs shown here?
What complimentary service does the bus offer on board?
What is this movie most likely to be?
Who is the bench for?
What type of course is being taught by the women with the white lab coat?
Which one of these numbers is the route number?
What will this vehicle be traveling on?
What is the woman laying in?
In which US city has this place?
The scene is in what color?
What are the people on the street side focused on?
What is the profession of the people that use the plane?
What type of company owns the roofless bus?
Where are the people on the ski lift being taken?
What is the boy doing?
What do the tall thin things carry?
What does the shop to the right of the girls sell?
What color light filter is being used?
Why is the woman in the blue top laying on the sand?
Why are they all walking in different directions?
Why might her skin be darker than the others?
Which color is the person who controls most of these kites wearing?
What event is the man taking part in?
What area these officers likely involved in?
What do motorcycle riders have the ability to purchase that offers safety in protecting the eyes?
In what building is this bathroom?
What will the man have to grab to board the train?
What color is the liquid of the beverage?
Where may this lady be completing the cleaning?
What headgear is the man on the left wearing?
What is the person on the left doing?
The color of the shirt matches the color of what?
Other than the bus what method of public transportation is close by?
What mode of transport is in the picture above?
What type of vehicles are the people riding?
Who is the man up to bat?
Where is the edible part of the oval food?
These types of plants are good in what environment?
What is the condition of these items?
What did the soccer ball just hit?
The train which carries goods are called?
What is the person pictured above doing?
Why is the surfer wearing a wetsuit?
American multinational footwear manufacturing company is what?
Which President's life does the resident here know several details about?
What is the area behind the large tree on the left?
What industry are these kids trying training for?
What is to the left of the woman's head?
What style of facial hair is the man sporting?
What activity is being undertaken by the woman holding the cat?
How many function keys present in the keyboard?
What small creature is likely living here?
How many different vegetables were used to create the red sauce on the hot dog?
Where do these grow?
What's the quickest time they will be able to sit on the bench?
What eatery does someone here frequent?
What is the first name of the person who rode this bike?
What is he looking at?
What location would this suitcase be scanned at before getting onto an airplane?
What type of field is being played on?
What is the yellow hose connected to?
What are the pigeons standing on the back of the bench doing?
What type of job does the man in the black suit most likely have?
What will the Giraffe have to eat?
What company manufactures this game?
Where are these young people seated?
How would this view be described?
At what type of shop an you obtain the above foods?
The name of the game shows in the image is?
Why did the woman open her car trunk?
From where did the design for the shelter here come from originally?
What typically pours out of the brown dispenser mill near the stove?
What is contained in the red fruit that should not be ingested?
What brand are the shoes on the ground?
Why does he have the umbrella?
Why is he standing like that?
Why is the refrigerator covered in papers?
Why is the driver on the left side?
What type of food could be found in this environment?
What is in the bowl?
What white item is the player wearing that is not a regular part of a tennis uniform?
What is the red thing on the bed that is on top of the covers?
Why is the man holding up the devices?
Why is that band around his finger?
Why is the bus connected to a wire above it?
Which food should the girl eat for intake of more protein?
The items on the left and right of the front of the biggest vehicle here are called what?
Where is the food truck festival taking place?
What type of hats are the dolls wearing?
What cannot be done in front of this object?
Why do safety workers wear this florescent color?
Why is the steeple lit better?
What is near the bottle of alcohol?
What is used making the toppings?
Besides his head what part of his body is the skateboarder on the edge of the ramp protecting?
What is he taking pictures of?
What sport could the red object be used for?
What does the catcher wear on his legs?
What type of sign is shown?
How many cows are looking at the camera?
What is actually the tallest object in the picture?
Who is probably pointing above the students?
What animal is the same color as the bike?
In which state does this man's favorite team headquartered?
Where has the bus pulled up to?
The dog would be able to keep up with the skateboarder at about what speed?
Which wrong accessory has the woman worn for riding bike?
What is the cause of distortion seen here?
What is the woman preparing?
What activity is the woman engaging in?
What sort of thing does this man hold?
What is the URL here for?
Are these horses real?
What is the person waiting to do?
What is this toy called?
If one was standing what would assist in maintaining their balance?
Why are they standing on the sidewalk?
What is the brand advertising along the sides of the court?
Where does the white light come from?
If she were barefoot what would she most likely be feeling right now?
What did the boy most likely just do to the ball with his racket?
How many functional keys in laptop keyboard?
Which round items have the most strong flavor?
What is the baby playing with?
Why are the roofs at street level?
Which city does this person bike in?
Why are these people waiting for?
What venue is it likely to be?
What are they doing outside the cab?
What is a common term given to this type of motorcycle?
What breed of dog is this?
What does the red and yellow flag allow?
What country are these people in?
Where is this kind of plate normally used?
Where is the person controlling the glider located?
The string like items seen here are sourced from which animal?
What relationship might these two children with the birthday cakes likely have?
This vehicle was made during what era?
What can be seen to the left of the train?
What base is this?
What are the small yellow objects on the tree?
What did the chef do to this egg?
Which vehicle shown gets the best mileage?
Why is the bread of the sandwich have black on it?
Which two species often share this space?
Where could someone buy a used appliance on this street?
What does the first initial stand for?
What kind of energy moves this train?
Who has the right of way?
What is the large clear area on the front of the vehicle called?
What is the paper in front of the men at the table?
What type of action is allowed by the traffic light?
What kind of parasols in this picture?
The shape of the kite in the image is called?
Why are the cars parked on the grass?
Why is the man seated by a table of fruit?
What type of animals are present on the dirt behind the elephants body?
What style of sweater is she wearing?
For which purpose are bikes parked indoors?
Where is the white substance coming out from on the train?
What is the jugglers greatest interference right now?
What motorcycle brand can be seen advertised?
The man in the blue shirt is posing next to what Philadelphia Phillies player?
What is the object behind the truck?
Which group allegedly invented skateboards?
Why is there green tape on the pickup?
What is the man on the rightmost learning?
Who took the photo of this man?
How many turn options do cars entering this intersection have?
In what geographic location are they waiting for the train?
Why is the short haired woman wearing a khaki shirt?
What is the boy doing with the food on the plate?
What type of street is shown?
What type of area is shown?
What type of vehicle are the creatures depicted rumored to travel in?
What are the circular patterns on the ground?
Who are those people riding on the elephants?
What is sitting on the mini fridge in the center of the room?
What are the letters on the license plate?
What is the traditional name for what's in the white cup?
What ingredient on the donut is usually unseen in donuts?
What sort of diet does the person biting this sandwich have?
Why did he cover his head?
What does the person have in their hand?
What is this place?
What type of couch is it?
Where is this animal located in this picture?
What will they clean with the item in the pink box?
The colors on the pants resemble what animal?
What is the yellow object on the sidewalk connected to?
What commodity has this young man exhausted?
When place is it?
What silent movie star does the resident of this apartment like?
What caused the brown marks on the crust?
What is in the bottom of the picture?
What is the woman doing with the object in her hand?
What type of seating is in front of the yellow plane?
What is the plane flying over?
What type of emergency is happening?
The restaurant the man is sitting down at specializes in which general food item?
Which direction will number 15 run toward?
The stripe on the wall is the same color as what logo?
What is the device shown in the image?
What does the white arrow sign usually mean?
Why is the woman raising the tennis ball?
What is the white bag on the sign used to do?
What type of station is this?
What would happen to the purple item if it was dropped?
What are these white objects used to hold?
Which make of vehicle is parked nearest to the meter?
What is this image?
What kind of transportation is shown?
From what does the umbrella held here offer protection?
What is the status of the red truck?
Who is the advertiser in the background?
Who originally created this sport?
The numbers on the sign are informing the people of what?
Why is the man holding something up in front of the aircraft?
What is needed for this activity?
Why is she smiling?
Why is he not on the surfboard?
What keeps the snowboarder's feet to the board?
At which elevation are the elephants compared to those looking at them?
What purpose does the person in blue standing at the back serve?
Why do the persons in front of the bus stand closely?
Why are the clouds dark?
What style of sunglasses does the man seem to be wearing?
What item is dipped in the liquid in the cup?
What company might the man in the blue shirt work for?
A person who goes by the nationality that is written on the bike is from what continent?
What type of animal is on the TV screen?
What state is this city in?
How were the purple characters written?
Why is he wearing a bib?
What color shirt does the person most likely to catch the frisbee wear?
Where is the girl located?
How many times has he won Wimbledon?
Which sort of art is the elephant practicing?
What is this player doing?
What is the thing around the drinking lady's neck good for?
What term is used to refer to these animals?
If the boy is unsuccessful in doing what he is doing three times in a row what is it called?
The beaded man is celebrating what?
What is in the blue can?
The yellow ball in this game is made up of what?
What is this venue?
How is this boat powered?
The man is trying to make the representation of Harry Potter in the video game perform what action?
How many directions are the vehicles shown going in?
These people are dressed as what?
What animal food is being handled here?
In what kind of terrain do persons enjoy skiing here?
What number are both hands of the front-facing clock on?
What is the object next to the bookcase?
What item does the device held in the man's hand control?
What is the layout of this picture called?
Why does it say safety truck?
Who is this woman?
What general term can we give to the type of meal above?
Which two probably shop in the same place?
The animal can be referred to as what?
What is usually found in this room?
What is being sold to the right of the speed limit sign?
What type of surf is seen closest to the camera?
What type of furniture are the flowers placed on?
What past time is the rightmost person involved in?
Why is the man wearing a badge on his shirt?
For what purpose are apples displayed?
What holiday is most likely closest?
Where did most elements of this meal have to cook?
What is the black man's occupation?
What Toronto sporting team is represented on his sweatshirt?
What can happen if too much of this liquid is ingested?
The man put the red flag on what tool he is using to catch fish?
Make is the make of the black car?
Who invented a device related to the type of activities the people standing are doing?
Which item is probably the coldest?
What position is the payer whos feet are in the air?
What type of furniture is the boy sitting on?
Who is known for playing a similar sport to these people?
What type of building is this most probably looking at the people in the courtyard?
What color are most of the post-it notes?
What is the white part called?
What does the seated person look like they are dressed as?
At what stage of preparation are the two nearest plates?
The contractors that build bridges always need to ensure that they are than the train?
What is sold from the red box on the sidewalk?
What is the most likely income level for most people living in this area?
What is the girl holding?
How would you travel through this area?
What did 10 just do to the ball?
Why is he walking the bike?
What is disallowed around this area?
What is the woman wearing on her head?
Which part of the symbol was crossed out?
What does the truck with yellow and red and white on it serve to do here?
Which type action propels the nearest boat forward?
What is tied to the surfers foot?
Who is the road for?
Where is this bathroom found?
Why does the man have bulging pockets?
What kind of meal are they having?
What type of fruit is this exotic variation most related to?
What is being eaten?
Which weapon in usage most resembles the object on her back?
Where do the bench and chairs appear to be located?
What vegetable was used to make the side dish for this sandwich lunch?
What is the destination of the bus?
What is the person on the right's hand touching?
What is the object on the beach used for?
What dark fruit was used to top the salad?
What type of remote is the man holding?
The canned beverages for sale in the lower left corner were produced in which country?
What professional would most likely have this collection of books?
What is the player ready to do?
What type of seating is under the umbrella?
What province in this location?
What weapon works similar to the item the man is looking at?
What is under the blanket?
What ski skill level have the line of young people shown here?
What does the business sell?
What are the men using in their hands?
What game often played in bars is played by the occupant here?
It is safest for dogs to sit in which car seat?
What is the long fabric item hanging down the elephant's side?
Why is the woman holding the hot dog in her hand?
They are dancing where?
What tourist attraction is this likely to be?
What is inside the green bottle on the table?
What type of court is in the background of the photo?
What type of dog is this?
What is the same color as the door?
What purpose does the cord connecting to the shower faucet provide?
What's the long thing on the phone for?
This plane is away from the airport so the pilot must be preparing for what?
What type of hat is the man wearing?
What nationality were the founders of this helmet company?
Why is she holding the ball?
What's the name of the spot the player is standing on?
What is taking place here?
In what nation is this apartment likely to be situated?
This University is affiliated with what denomination?
How many Muskmelons are there?
Why is the man wearing a bucket hat?
Who does this bus have particular accommodations for?
Who does this room belong to?
At which point in the match are these players?
Cats love what kind of feeling?
Who is the woman on the red and white poster?
What sort of energy propels the trains here?
What do the two people holding white objects stare at?
Why do the birds seek high up places?
What are these people likely waiting for to take them to their destinations?
What is this area for?
In which way are both the green and white foods similar?
What is he doing?
What is the building made of?
For what type of formal event are the plush bears being used as decoration?
Why are they approaching each other?
What is the month depicted in the image?
What is making the women with the orange and white outfit smile?
Why is she working here?
The wheeled vehicle parked ahead is used for what?
What maneuver is the man trying to do?
What is this flying called?
What other circumstances might the yellow thing on the boy on the left be used?
Why is she there?
What does the man have on?
What sport could be played on this field easiest?
Why do the horses wear leg coverings?
What wave maker is likely very near here?
Why is the boy holding up his shoe?
Why are the men wearing yellow vests?
What group of people is the white area on the platform built for?
What does Stafford indicate?
Why does he have on that type of vest?
What is the main source of light in the room?
What is inside the green and yellow object on the sidewalk?
Which one was born last?
What traffic is not allowed behind the fence here?
Why do these bikers all have numbers on their bikes?
How is this automated kiosk powered?
What are the boys doing with the orange ball?
Which vehicle has violated the law?
What item does the person cut?
What are the animals in the pasture doing?
What is the woman having for her meal?
What is keeping the giraffes confined?
What is this person doing at this moment?
What is the light brown building in the background?
What direction is the sun with respect to the boy?
Where does the player with the ball want it to go?
What has made the ground shiny?
What is the woman doing with the device in her hands most likely?
What is the name of this dessert?
How are these items ordered?
Which city in addition to San Jose is noted on the sign for the interstate?
What is the person whose belongings can be seen here now doing?
What's the term for how this boat is parked?
The white rectangular wired boxes on the desk are what kind of electronic product?
At what degrees in Fahrenheit will the surface shown here melt?
What activity are the people engaging in?
How many more animals need to be added to the animals closest to the camera to make a dozen?
What animal would you be most unlikely to see in this setting?
What is the man speaking into?
The symbol on the planes looks like what logo?
The persons here are doing what?
How many strings in Guitar?
What are the two using the silver object to do?
Where is this student studying?
Why is there so much stuff here?
What soda does she like to drink?
What is the clear piece the railing on the right is attached to made of?
What food came in a plastic cup with foil lid?
Why is the man holding sticks while skiing?
Where do these people pose?
What does the red flag mean?
What is the vehicle on the right called?
What usually happens in this room?
Graphite is used in the making of what?
Which fruit is the most prominent topping here?
What sort of method is used to secure these vessels to the shore?
What is the rectangular object with a chord seen in the mirror used for?
What form of exercise is this?
What holds the beverages for the players in the dugout?
What is she ready to do?
Which one of these skills is required to practice this sport?
What is this land used for?
The cat on the left is most likely not engaging with the one sniffing it because it is what?
What sound are you most likely to hear if you went in this shop?
How will the people here likely propel themselves upon waves?
What is the meat on the dish?
What type of trees can be seen near the pink building?
What does the passenger lack that the driver has?
What is the large glass object on the bike called?
What is the man planning to use to hit what is thrown at him?
The orange object is made of what material?
What number is on the train?
This dealership serves what region?
What old device can be seen on the left end of the shelf?
What kind of bird created something that sits on this pizza?
What is the boat using to navigate?
Who is the figure depicted in the statue?
What is the ladder for?
What is the NYSE symbol of this bank?
Why are the children's heads covered?
How is the street in the picture?
Why is the man holding the racket back?
What is he doing?
What is the man who crouches doing?
By what method do the people become aloft?
What will happen to the water in the hose?
Why is the man swinging his arms?
What sort of area is the man eating pizza in?
What is the name for this sort of event?
Where in the South does the pitcher go to school?
What does the man holding his glove out want to catch?
In which city do these cars drive?
Why is the girl holding an umbrella?
What has caused the road to look slick?
How many pounds of load are the pillars holding up?
What is the protein in this dish?
What is the sum of each individual digit on the boy's shirt?
What style of bathing suit is she wearing?
What is the train stopped at?
Which elevation did the skier ride the lift from to this point?
What is the grey object used for?
Actual color of zebra's stripe are?
What is the piece of fruit with black seeds called?
What type of transportation is shown?
What is the man doing with the girl?
What are the activities which take place in this room called?
How many important roles in baseball game?
What kind of reaction the person shows?
What sport is the individual engaging in?
What type of building might this be?
Where could these buildings be?
In which direction with the airborne skateboarder go next?
What is the bear doll's mouth touching?
What topping is the blue-green one on the left slice of bread?
What is most likely to be found inside this store?
The wall decoration and props here are modeled after which location?
What is this venue likely to be?
Who is the man wearing the red tie?
Which country has elephant as national animal?
What are the towels made from?
Why is the man holding an umbrella?
What is used to milk cows here?
What type of event is this?
How does the child in the green shirt feel?
What sort of lesson might the short people be getting?
What do the black flags mark?
What is he doing?
What type of shop is the person wearing the tie in?
For what reason do the persons wear vests?
How much would everything here cost approximately?
What age group is the person who designed the room most likely in?
Why does the man wear shirt and tie?
What kind of media is she consuming?
Why is the woman hosing the animal off?
Why is there a bright circle?
Why are the people using umbrellas?
Why are they wearing so much stuff?
What is on the left side of the room?
WHat type of phone is the man holding?
What shot is the girl hitting?
What are these people observing?
What is a baseball glove called?
What is the operating system being projected?
In which location might this umbrella be appropriate?
What make of car can be seen next to the parking meter?
Besides his own food what specialized food does this person have in his home?
What is the most accurate name for the boy's hair style?
What is the tail shape of these surfboards?
What type of trash goes in these trash cans?
What is painted on the tail of the green plane?
What type of merchant is this?
Where will the meat be placed?
What is the woman on the left near?
What is the person on the left standing next to?
What design is on each arm?
What is the name of the street?
What stuffed animal is sold here?
What relation does the person holding the umbrella have to the bride?
Why is there a bell on the counter?
How many eyes does the animal on the left have?
Which vehicle is an antique?
What sort of condiment might be used in this meal?
Who is the artist here?
What mens wear does the girl wear?
What type of ceiling is there?
What does the child have all over her hands?
How is the toilet flushed?
What is this structure used for?
What do people put on train tracks?
In what decade of the twentieth century was this vehicle first used?
What is the unique feature of the parasol?
What item is blue here?
What types of buildings are these?
Why is he struggling?
Where is the house located?
How does the man lying on the bench feel?
What is the towel for?
Which car companies logo can be seen on the back of the man's shirt?
The red color of fire hydrant represents what?
What is the person using the spoon for?
What aspect of the game is being shown here?
What kind of lens produced this image?
Who will next cause the balls direction to change?
What type of shot is this man making?
The man on the right holding the beer can is wearing what?
What are the benches for?
What are the toys in the window called?
What do you usually find in the object that shares the same name as the third word on the sign?
What item is under the bright lights attached to the wall?
Other than cooking what household activity occurs in this room?
From the moss growing on the tree and pole which cardinal direction is the stop sign facing?
What kind of building are they probably hanging around outside of?
What act are her hands doing?
During which season is this child skating on the sidewalk?
What is the animal doing?
Where is the girl located at?
What is the giraffe doing?
Foam present in the surf board helps in?
This bus shares a name with what sandwich?
Where is the man laying?
How many slices of toast can be cooked at once here?
What food he is eating?
What ingredient would you find in her drink?
What type of light source is next to the laptop?
What is on the item in the man's right hand?
How many people could fit comfortably in each booth?
What type meat might creatures eating this grass create?
Which team is up now?
What is this group ready to do?
Where do the persons controlling the sails in the sky stand?
What mythological creature is most similar to the one the man is riding on?
What type of shoes does the woman have on?
What is the man preparing to do outdoors with the food items in his hands?
Which mode of transport in use here uses less gasoline?
What season is this?
What sort of things are sold at the well lighted business shown?
Why is the squatting man holding his hand out?
What are the large blocks for?
What is this person doing?
What electronic device is likely to be in front of the couch?
What propels these people across the water?
What kind of expression does the man have on his face?
Why are the men sitting down?
Where is this party taking place?
Which person seems most out of place?
What type of meat fruit or vegetable is most popular on pizza?
Which way do these beasts prefer to travel?
What are the two rectangular objects on each side of the monitor used for?
What is the cat doing?
To which State does 80 and 189 lead to?
What extra item is visible here?
What do the people in different boats do?
What type of outfits are the two girls wearing?
What's the name of the food the people are holding?
What brand coffee is most readily available here?
Who probably drew the picture on the fridge?
What kind of luggage is this?
What holiday is the person gaming here celebrating?
What pattern is on the floor?
Which food on the sandwich is highest in protein?
Why is the sidewalk ahead yellow?
What is a plant that is commonly used in hedges?
The tail has what bright color?
What year was this wine bottled?
What is the object being looked at?
What kind of edible meat can be produced from the smaller mammals in this photo?
What are people along the wall watching?
What is the most usual way to ignite the thing the man is holding?
What type of parking is available?
What are these people engaging in?
What item might the shopper purchase here?
Why is he grabbing his foot?
What animal is mentioned on one of the signs?
What type of dog is this?
What are the men engaging in?
What is the woman ready to do?
What is the white circular disc on the tower used for?
In which continent is this place found?
What kind of tower is this?
What word is written before service?
What activity are the men involved in?
What is the chair next to?
How much is a Croissant brie?
The number of items visible in the sky cane be referred to as what?
How many of the computers run on the desk run on battery?
This skate is wearing safety gear on what part of his body?
What pome fruits are shown here?
What role are persons out of uniform here in?
Where is the bus's company located?
What are they doing on the field?
What event is about to begin?
Why are the plants lined up like that?
What type of vehicle is this?
Who is currently skateboarding?
What general category does this type of aircraft belong to?
What fuels this type of animal?
What is the child doing on the bike?
What emotion does the man seem to be feeling?
Where have these people gathered?
What comes through the pipe held here?
What is the man's profession?
Where is the kite in relation to the boy?
What is the cat doing?
Which country borders the country that this airplane is from?
What is under the colorful glasses?
What sort of sex is everyone here thinking about?
The name of what nation's capital is listed on a sign?
Which one of the companies listed sells mattresses?
What are the animals here being used as?
To be able to see clearly the people holding the kits will have their backs facing what?
What kind of transportation is shown?
Which part of the animal is precious?
What letters are on the plane?
Which is one of the villains that the character on the snowboard fights?
What meal has already happened?
What is the size of the TV in the image?
Why are the people standing on the bridge?
What is the man doing with the paper?
What purpose does the large white bowl sitting in the window likely serve?
What city might this bike be ridden in?
He is pretending the tennis racket is what?
Why have the people gathered here?
What are the animals walking along?
What style food is the lady in pink going to enjoy next?
The largest item here is usually found where?
What item with a Heineken logo sits to the left of the laptop computer?
What sort of building stand in could this building substitute for in a movie?
Where is the headquarters of the company that makes the hoops?
What are the people next to each other seated on?
Where is the man snowboarding?
What lies under the people here?
Why is the dog in the sink?
What animal looks at the bird?
Who are the group of people on the opposite side of the road?
How is this laptop connected to the network in this building?
What is/are going to be baked?
What is this bus advertising?
What is another animal that has markings this colour?
Why does she look disgusted?
What purpose are the white remotes serving?
What is the brown item next to the mattress and chair?
Where are the people on the boat ultimately headed?
When the surfer riding the wave looks the other way and the board hits him at full force how badly would he be injured?
What insurance company is a sponsor of the baseball field?
What are the people looking at?
What region of the world does this plane originate from?
What type of material makes up a majority of the construction in the area?
What number does the car advise you to call?
Where is the pillow?
How many animal species are shown NOT including the people on shore?
The plants are growing in what type of outdoor structure?
What group of people mostly live in this area?
What famous bird is also this colour?
Where are the people on the wire going?
Which way should the fan turn to circulate air in the room?
Why would someone sit at these tables?
What is the woman doing near the microwave?
Why do the people wear head gear?
What is the common term given to the above collection?
What kind of cleats is the batter wearing?
What is the large blue object under the plane wing?
What operating system is the man with his feet on the desk a fan of?
What bulk food item was once processed in the leftmost building?
What should noobs do here?
What sort of For pay area is near this meter?
Of which movie is the person with the Camera a fan?
To perform this trick the rider is gliding on what?
What is near the donut?
What provides privacy in the shower?
What color is the person wearing whom is celebrating their birthday here?
What is the yellow hump sign on top of?
What time of year is it?
What is being told to this woman?
What type of event is the skateboarder taking place in?
Why does the man hold 2 umbrellas?
What style of food does this appear to be?
What are the oval shaped green plants growing by the fence?
This laptop and desk is located in which country in Europe?
How can he bring the board home without riding it?
What is the main purpose of the ship shown here?
What is the bird doing?
Why are there straps on snowboards?
This person is most likely going to do what activity?
What shape are all these objects?
Why is it okay for the book to be there?
What is in the bottle held by the smallest child?
Where is the person walking?
Why is the man wearing wristbands?
The train engine is operating within which European country?
How could someone near here gain elevation without expending a lot of energy?
What is the very front of the plane where the pilot sits called?
What situation occurred here for the red and yellow tape to be taped up?
What is the equipment called on the crouching player's left hand?
What does the sign beside the green light forbid?
At What location is the biker riding by the bird?
The birds seen out of their cage here are sold for what purpose?
What type of animal is in this cage?
What would most people do first before biting their pizza?
Why the gap underneath the boat?
Where are the bike riders riding?
The colorful flying objects are made of what material?
What style is the bathroom?
What is on the table?
The type of restaurant the man is eating at is more likely a what?
Where does this scene take place?
Which vegetable has notable Vitamin A content in it?
By what means is the train powered?
What are the people doing with their motorcycles?
What type of train car do we see?
What is causing the yellow line?
Who is the man sitting by the building entrance?
What is the source of the melted product is in the center of sandwiches shown?
What is the long piece of fabric used for that is on the back of the woman in blue and black?
WHat language is on the black shirt?
What are the pink objects above the chairs called?
What powers the oven here?
What part of the sign are these people painting?
What sort of waves does the boat captain shown here like that the surfer dislikes?
This scene is likely in what country?
Where is this game being played?
What food is on the plate?
What type of entertainment is commonly held in the building behind the people eating?
What is the ideal outcome for the boy about to touch the ball?
What is wrong with his eyes?
What type of vehicle has a blue light?
What winter activity are the people participating in?
What is most likely in the glass with the round top?
What kind of emotion is the male feeling?
The headlights that shine brighter than the other cars show that the driver is using what feature in the car?
The pillow on the couch is the same color as what?
What are the kites in most danger of getting stuck in?
The date this picture was taken have what number that is the same for the month and year?
How did the bear get there?
What is the left computer engaged in right now?
What is the next thing the chef should put on the pizza?
What dish would be most likely made from this food?
Where could the vendor selling bananas here go for either a hot coffee or a slurpee like beverage nearby?
What venue is shown here?
What might these people have applied to their bodies?
What is this person a fan of?
What is used in this room to heat up the metal pots?
How are the objects in the sky powered?
Why would people be seated here?
The person standing here wants to do what?
Which Airlines is from the land down under?
Who put these benches here?
This umbrella is perfect for the what?
Why is he holding the doughnut to his face?
Who are the people in the wall hanging?
What position is held by number 22 during this game?
What is the most likely value of a house with this size of bathroom?
How will the water be heated?
Where are the persons here headed?
Where is the rider wearing protection?
What does the man use the umbrella for?
What cooking method was used to prepare the side dishes seen here?
What year was Coca-Cola founded?
What is the name of the bird?
What does the word on the plane mean?
What are these people doing?
What time frame is this image depicting?
What are they doing?
What type of breakfast restaurant would serve waffles like this?
What is the green truck being used for?
What is the old lady doing?
What are those glasses designed to protect the wearer from?
The man on the left is probably a member of what type of group?
What recently happened in this location?
What substance does the animal that is referenced breathe out?
What most likely reason might this game end quickly?
What is the woman in the back holding in her hand?
Why is the man holding the glass?
Where do the persons at the car prefer to visit?
Why might someone prefer the vehicle closer to the camera as compared to the other types of vehicle pictured?
Where does a shopper look to see how much a certain fruit costs?
If the TV stand suddenly disappeared what would happen?
What is this meal missing?
What letter does the word on the dial begin with?
What type of concrete area is blocked off here?
What is the lion doing near the downed animal?
What feeling do these cats appear to be portraying?
Why do Elephants kneel low down here?
What is the sign meant to regulate?
What kind of river channel it is?
What is the name of this game?
What is the woman waiting for?
Why is the mother cow in a different pen than her calf?
What countries flag is on the man in the black shirts hat?
What might this woman shoot the elephant with?
What are these pools for?
During which season is this train transporting open-top hoppers?
Which one of these company logos is partially obscured?
What sort of event is happening here?
What does the sheep have in its fur?
Why do they have a rainbow on their shirt?
What kind of store is this?
What is the green cylindrical object used for?
What seems to be propelling the man forward?
What does this woman do to teddy bears?
What type of company paid to have their product advertised on the bus?
What type of job do the animals here hold?
What is the professional name of a person who makes this delicacy?
The cat on top of the laptop possess which type of fur pattern?
When is this baseball game being played?
What item is this animal known for?
What type of area is this?
The person on the right likely plays what position?
Which one of the following animals might prey on these ones?
What type of battery is best for laptop?
What is near the flower pot?
How he is going to get hurt?
What weather event has stopped the motorcycle rider?
What type of kitchen is this?
What is the bridge used to cross over?
What kind of prey do these animals hunt?
What is the best way to cool off in this room?
What is being used to keep balance?
What baseball team name is similar to one of the words on the side of the bus?
In which country is this airport located?
What's the name of the red hat the man is wearing?
What is the color of person's shirt who is inside vehicle?
What is the relationship between the two men?
What use are the nets here?
What type of stove is this?
What is the man doing on the stage?
Where should you go from the traffic light if you want to go to Fulton Mall?
What does the sign on the wall prohibit?
Who played the character on the Brady Bunch whose name can be spelled with the first three letters shown on the vehicle?
What is the girl holding?
What type of animals are shown?
What word best describes the setting?
Which one of these items does he avoid using?
What type of kitchen is shown?
What type of truck is shown?
What are the girls boots made out of?
What causes the texturing on the barn?
What is the purpose of the green receptacle?
How many people probably share this room?
What is the girl doing?
What construction equipment is visible in the background?
What does the girl have on her feet?
What type environment is shown?
What is the man doing in front of the meter?
What is he doing?
What caused the deepest mushiest tracks here?
What safety item is the person in Green and blue shirts missing?
What is the name of the cantina?
What type of truck is this?
What types of leaves do the trees have?
Why are all the umbrellas there?
Whats the womans skin color?
What type of material is the sheep rubbing against?
What caused the dark stains on number 28?
What type of lines are located above the street?
Who won the World Series that calendar year?
What type of area is shown?
What kind of bread is used on the long sandwiches on the bottom tier?
What is being experienced here?
What is the job of the man sitting down?
What are these animals known for?
What is the silver object on the wall used for?
What is the elephant doing?
What state is the man in?
Which former US President shares the name with the street on the right?
What does one need to read the objects in the clear canister?
Why is the man on the left holding the object to his face?
What are the horizontal lines streaks in the sky?
This will take you to what metropolis?
What are the red cubic items on the pizza?
What will this man use this stick for regarding the elephant?
During which season are the cars on this street parked?
The pink topping seen here is from what root?
Who uses the circular glass object on the table?
What is hovering in the air?
What is the man in red doing with the attached object?
What will NOT happen?
How hot is the air from a hair dryer?
What is number 44 doing?
What are the blue signs being used for?
In which country is this park located?
What brand of TV is in the living room?
How is the phone being powered?
Where is the girl sitting at?
What is she putting on the bun?
What is the woman ready to do?
This road is good for what type of driver?
What are they doing with the food on the plate?
What are the square tubes hooked to side of plane for?
What material is the girl's wig made of?
Why is this book appropriate for her to read?
What is the dark sauce in the bowl?
What sea creature is the blue balloon?
This bus is decorated as what?
The items above are likely to be owned by a?
Who likely owns these horses?
What are the red vegetables called?
Do these animals typically live in the United States?
What is the orange tool used to do?
What is used the make the fries have that shape?
What is in the bowl on the back right of the tray?
Where are these animals located?
Where are the horses?
Which region of the world are the elephants in?
What does the person in the yellow shirt stand on?
Considering the direction of traffic where in Asia is this intersection?
Where is this bathroom most likely located?
What culture is this dish from?
Why is he holding the bowl?
The colors of the train resemble the typical colors of what?
Where are they playing a game?
What item is sharpest here?
What will the man read when done texting?
Which part of the Elephant's body work to cool their body?
What does the orange sign ahead indicate?
What diet are the cows here on?
What can be thrown in the green receptacle?
What natural element might be found here?
What are the two girls in front doing?
What are they looking at?
What is the man in red ready to do?
What fills the pastry here?
Which color animal has hair that is more easily dyed?
What type volleyball is being played here?
What kind of shirt is the heavier man wearing?
Why are the men's vest/coat orange in color?
This vehicle is most likely from?
What fruited type pizza is being cut into here?
Where is the man holding the cooler likely headed?
What's the name of the pendant on the woman's necklace?
What is he analyzing?
Why is he dry?
What part of her is probably most cold?
Which European language does the person using the mouse speak?
What is the dog doing with the thing in its mouth?
What does the dog want to do with the frisbee?
Why are the men wearing headphones?
What zone is this area?
What brand camera does the food photographer prefer?
Which topping gives you the most vitamin C?
What kind of snack can you get at the business on this street corner?
What does this person try to get the cows to do?
What does the item on the far right do?
Why does the room appear curved?
What type of candle is on the table?
What item is probably at the highest elevation?
Why is the guy's neck red?
What type of floor has been laid under the kitchen table?
What type of boats are moving through the water?
What powers the facilities in this area?
What process was used to color her shirt?
What sort of surface does the man riding a skateboard do a trick on?
What are the surfers in a push up position attempting to do?
What will the man on the bike do next?
What area is to the left of the TV monitor?
What is the women about to do?
What shape is the orange item?
What does the W on her cap stand for?
What is the reason for the glare on the train?
What can you do to the red things to efficiently make them take up less space?
Where do you usually see boardwalks like this?
What is the most common breed of milk cow?
According to the banner ad what kind of Lite beer tastes great?
What is the man using the string to do?
What is the main ingredient of the food that the boys are eating?
What does the black object above the boat provide?
What part of the harness is the child holding?
That company made the pink racket?
What will these pedestrians do together?
What kind of vehicle is the yellow thing?
Why are they moving strangely?
What type potatoes are served here?
Which elephant is likely the youngest of the three?
What is on the floor?
What beverage are most people at this party having?
What just happened to the ball?
What is the large ramp used for?
What is the building used for in the park?
What is the woman drawing?
What cut of shirt is she wearing?
What is misting up from the mountain?
What type of dog size is this dog a part of?
Indoor plants are used to grow for what purpose?
Based on the phone size about what size is the cat sculpture?
What is being done to the food in the glass fronted box?
What is she prepared for?
How is the pattern of the stripes in the individual zebras?
Where is the freezer located on this unit?
What type of activity is happening here?
What does the person who owns the shelves like to collect?
What material is the Ground made of?
What is the flying arrangement of the planes called?
What type of area is in the background?
In what building is the organization in question based?
What role does this man play?
What can the clinic on the right help you with?
This showroom specializes in which home renovation product?
What will make the people laugh?
Why is she using a umbrella?
What skill level is the bus driver likely to have at driving this route?
What is the activity the man is engaging in?
The flag is belongs to which country?
Who gives the airplanes guidelines on where to take off and land?
What kind of screen is being used for the game?
How many colors in Microsoft Windows logo?
What is the oldest method of transportation here?
What religion are the three men?
Why is the ipod on top of the larger electronic device?
What could potentially puncture the tire?
What does the orange sign alert drivers of?
What is he doing with the pizza?
What type of photographic lens was used for this photograph?
What continent would this be in?
What fills the gray item the person in a blue shirt and white shorts sits upon?
What sound would an animal that obviously went into the food make?
What is this pan currently being used to create?
Why is the child wearing the helmet?
The young boy is posing for what type of photograph?
When making a slow descent into water what is the safest way here?
What is this type of frame called on this scooter?
What caused the large dent in the side of the pizza?
What does this person hope to get good at by purchasing the book entitled Premiere?
What venue is this place?
What is the most obvious danger here?
What is the lady in a red apron doing?
What type of creative work does the person using this computer perform?
When the pipes need to be worked on plumbers will be blocked from reaching it by what?
What are the people on the boat looking at?
What is the green object on top of the counter to the right of the sink?
What protective item should the man wear?
What is the person holding to his ear?
What photography related problem can be observed in this photo?
What time of day is it?
What type of seating is available?
What meal was mot likely just eaten?
What is the likely relationship of the man to the boy?
Which EU country might be associated with the colors of the skier's gloves?
The person here stares at what here?
Which Irish pub can be seen to the left of the traffic light?
What type of head covering is the rider wearing?
What does the device on the closer person's arm do?
Why is he wearing a hat?
What is a possible outcome of the video game sport these people are playing?
What type of burger could be eaten here?
Why is the bus covered in pictures?
Why is the frisbee in the air?
What would you get if you reverse the first two letters at the top of the bus?
Where are the people in?
What mammal is this traffic stop trying to keep safe by reminding drivers to drive safe?
What are the blue and white sticks on the table?
What would you use to speak to the clerk?
What type of luggage does the man have?
What type of transportation is this?
Where is the boat going?
This kitchen was specifically designed to be ready for what?
The color scheme of this vehicle represents what flag?
How much does the Turtle cost?
What is this woman ready to do?
What can be built along the back wall?
What are the long flat green veggies called?
What type of phone is being used?
Where does the non bat wielding player want to run?
The woman will hit the fork on what object of she keeps looking straight instead of her plate?
What is the nickname of this player?
Why is the light there?
What class of aircraft is seen here?
The bottom portion of the screen that is furthest to the front looks like what video game controller?
What is causing the person in purple's face to look red?
Why are there black chords near the buildings?
What area is likely safest for smaller children here?
What is helping someone walk?
How many different species of animals besides humans are visible?
What is she doing with the stuffed animal?
Which profession would have used the red vehicle?
What color are the speaker cloth coverings?
In what event will this thing be used?
What type of meal does this appear to be?
What type of rice is on the dishes?
What's the name for the hand gesture the man with the mustache is doing?
What type of transportation is this?
What country is very famous for the thing on the wood floor?
What is in the small cream-colored container?
What type of vehicle is this cup from?
Where was the meat on the table prepared?
These buses will take you to what province?
What is the first name of the one who started this motor company?
What setting does this seem to be?
What are the cows standing on?
These people are on horses in a line as an example of what?
What is in the middle of the room?
Why is he crouching?
What is the child travelling on?
To ensure a safe turn the skier looks out for?
How many distinct topping types are on this pizza?
What man made material is produced from the thing the people are standing on?
Colloquially is also known as?
What type of activity will these people do?
What building did the people come from?
What is the same colors as the animals?
Birds seen here are likely doing what?
The large speakers next to the monitor suggest someone uses this station for what?
What is the woman's job?
What type room is this?
What will the person who left this gear do with it?
What does the lady use the umbrella for?
What are the young women doing in front of the tv?
What kind of telephone is being used?
What type of animals are present?
What could they be washing off?
The brand he's advertising on his shirt makes what?
What is this type of blade good at?
What does the round item seen on the floor and plugged into the wall clean?
What animal might have pulled this cart?
Which fruit is most populous on pies seen here?
How was this treat prepared?
What is the man in the black glasses using the white remote to do?
The red vehicle down the street is used for what purpose?
Which animal is in most danger here?
What type of object is this?
These animals live how many years on average?
What water brand is advertised in the dugout?
What shiny object is in the foreground here?
What brand of suitcase is the woman in white holding on to?
Where is this dining room located in all likelihood?
The lighting item seen here most replicated is constructed from what?
Why is rain going through his umbrella?
What material is made from their fur?
Why are there so many different train tracks so close together?
Why are the luggage bags on the cart?
What is the cat near?
Where is this man going?
What is the man in the bottom left holding?
What is the boy doing with the cat?
What place is known for this kind of weather?
This room looks like an old type of what?
Who of these three seemingly has the best vision?
Why is the woman carrying an open umbrella?
What is the same color as the color of the surfboard?
According to the surroundings what is this person doing?
What vitamin does this fruit contain the most?
What is the man inside the front of the training doing?
Why have they made the trees blue?
What items are hanging on the wall?
What is the cat doing?
What type of meat is used in the sandwich?
What shared amusement might people do here most passively?
What group does the woman belong to?
Why is she covering her eyes?
What are the white marks on the horse's legs called?
What is most likely in the silver containers?
What is in the container on the toilet tank?
What is stored inside the plastic case in front of the dog statue?
What are the vehicles forbidden to do here?
Why is he riding on the sidewalk?
Which type of mirror is in the above picture?
What is the weather faced by the woman?
What kind of food is most common in this restaurant?
What is this player getting ready to do?
Which one is inappropriately dressed?
The person taking this picture is sitting behind the fence in which part of the stadium?
What are these planes primarily used for?
When stopping what body part did most people use to stop their vehicles?
For what reason do these people share this room?
What phobia is generated by the spider?
When was this teams ballpark built?
What vehicles are located in the water?
The glare from the sun is distracting for drivers by reflecting off of what surface?
Where is the person holding the sail seen here standing?
What color of shoes does the woman on the left wear on the field?
How many utensils were used to prepare this sandwich?
What is this brush intended for?
What is the umbrella used to avoid?
What can be obtained from the yellow thing on the wall?
What type of birds are the little ones?
Why are their hands outstretched?
From which direction did this skateboarder just come?
What is happening on the road?
What does this woman hold in her right hand?
What type of bag is this man using?
What is the surfboard stuck in the sand being used for?
The man in the white shirt is using what to touch the frisbee?
What type of surf is the man on the far left holding?
What is going on with the island?
The men rowing in white shirts are most likely part of what group?
Which one of these is a competitor of the company that make's the item in the jar?
Which country headquarters this airline?
What kind of meat is in the hot dog?
Where is it safest to skateboard?
Which sport requires a greater number of people to play than those that are pictured?
What do these people do here?
What may you not do on the curb near the Stop sign?
Where are these people located?
What kind of music comes from this country?
What makes sure the vessel pulled by the horse goes straight?
Why are two of them on that little vehicle?
What technique does this player utilize here?
What type of show is being presented here?
What flowers seeds are visible here?
Under what circumstance might children wear the red item the man is wearing?
What action is the man taking?
Where are the parcels on the cart being sent to?
Why do they have black suits on?
Why are the people walking through the outdoor area?
How many years ago was this photo taken?
What are the status of the bear dolls?
Why are the plants outside the court?
What type of sport is this?
What large rectangular-shaped object is nearest to the TV?
At which position are these two trains when shown?
What type of building is this?
What are they doing with the white devices?
What sound might be made if the men emptied their hands quickly?
What is she controlling with the remote?
These animals are known for their what?
What kind of poles stand erect in the background?
What are the children eating?
Where is the man riding through?
What is this bus doing?
What activity is the standing person involved in?
What is the profession of the person who would drive this vehicle?
What is to the left of the sink?
The figurines on the shelf can be used to do what?
What are the Energizers used for?
This person does the same sport as which athlete?
What utensil are they using to eat the cake?
What locale does the policeman serve?
Who or what is closest to the ball?
How is the street staying illuminated?
What electronics company made the blue balloons?
What can be done in this room?
What are the couple who sit facing camera doing?
From which wind does the air blow here?
What was the child playing with before it fell asleep?
Which base ball sport equipment is made up with maple wood?
What does the orange item next to the chain look like?
Why is the person holding pineapple in their hand?
What city is this?
Why is the player wearing gloves?
Why does the woman have a large belly?
What base does the catcher kneel near?
What type of vehicles are present in the foremost foreground?
How does the person in the image tell time?
What is the police monitoring?
What types of muffins are these?
Upon what do the boards seen here ride?
What are the colored plastic objects for?
Why have the skaters covered their heads?
What might stop you from using this image in a commercial capacity?
Why is the man with the bat upset?
What purpose does this item serve to do?
What type of geographical feature is located near this area?
What is the boy near?
Why is the bike broken into pieces?
Where would you normally find the orange and white thing in the foreground?
What religion is that statue associated with?
The drink in each of their glasses usually comes in a bottle that features what word?
Who are the men wearing yellow?
What is the name of the green eating utensil next to the orange?
What is the purpose of the man in yellow?
What kind of animals are the people interacting with?
What liquid is disallowed here?
What is normally given out at the desk shown?
The portion of this device that has numbers on it looks like what?
Who's sitting on the elephant's head?
The black item with yellow label is meant for what?
What is required for this activity?
What passion might someone in this apartment have that involves music?
What are the numbers above the lettering on the back of the bus?
What part of Indian does this cuisine come from?
What type job does the man in black hold?
Why does the vehicle have two levels?
What is the use of the plant placed on the kitchen island?
What is the brand of the bike?
What kind of vehicle can park in the middle lane?
To which Ocean did persons owning this baggage travel to reach an Island recently?
Which channel aired this show?
Which fruit is too ripe?
What event do the rings signify?
What brand name mentions the thing visible in the toilet?
Why does she have the yellow bag over her head?
What is this sail made to look like?
What material is the armchair made out of?
What is the black bag on the sidewalk?
Which of these men is most likely from a different country?
Who regularly wore the item the man has over his pants?
What numeral system is used for the numbers on the clock?
How many types of fire engines are available?
What is the man in the white shirt ready to do?
What three letters are behind his head?
What sport are the two people in the water participating in?
What type of rice is on the plate?
Where does the kid want to kick the ball?
What studio created the character next to the boy?
Why do the men wear hats?
Which food offers the most protein?
What meal is being served?
What are these people waiting for?
Why are all the vehicles on the left not moving?
What can be found here?
What type of land does this plane fly over?
Which country invented sunglasses?
Why is the woman wearing a scarf?
What can the animals on the left do that the animals on the right cannot?
Why are the benches black?
Based on the circumstances of the image what method of transportation currently moves the fastest?
What is hanging off the bike handlebars?
What is the guy on bare feet doing with the table?
What must vehicles do when reaching the corner near the blue trash container?
What is the danger of partaking in this activity with no jacket?
What protective material is covering the wood desk that the laptop is on?
At what venue are people seated outdoors on yellow chairs?
What type of content does the website advertised in the background provide?
What is the man wearing?
What age group normally eats this food?
What is the skater doing on the rail?
What structure is located here?
Why is the dog on the board?
Whats is the child doing?
What type event does 377 participate in here?
Which food will most likely get eaten with the fork?
What is the Red Forestry truck driving in?
When will this girl be old enough for Kindergarten?
The device behind the orange umbrella is used to charge for what service?
The trains have what safety feature on the glass to help see visibly in stormy weather?
What meal is this man going to have?
What is the man's hat called?
The ski lifts travel along what material?
What is inside the Chicago Sun-Times box?
What type of fuel does the truck take?
What symbol is being displayed here?
What is at the front of the train?
What are the most plentiful items on the plate made of?
What singer has the same last name as the word that appears on the board?
Which occasion is this for?
What is the liquid?
What sporting event could these animals participate in?
What holiday has the woman made the cake for?
How is the woman in the tan shorts feeling?
What handedness is held by the pitcher?
How did the player here perform most recently?
What is this lady doing?
What is the man doing in the snow?
Skateboarding is which seasonal Olympic game?
What type of drink in in the jar?
When is the favorite time to take the above meal?
How did she know what to order?
What would the red sign on the outer wall say if it was found in Germany?
How fast is the dog driving here?
Why are the men seated?
Why is the boy wearing a glove?
What is this item an ingredient in?
What is the purpose of this setup?
What is the purpose of the tall building located behind the plane?
The animal is resting on what?
What will happen to the car on the back of the tow truck?
What period of the day is shown in the picture?
What would this store likely sell?
Sanjay D. Ghodawat is owner of which airline?
Why are the sheep difference colors?
What is being photographed?
What vehicles would you find here?
What time of day is this?
Of vehicles seen here which are greenest in regards to emissions?
Why is the person wearing a heavy jacket?
What is distracting the woman from her computer?
What type of dog is the brown and white one?
What is the Man teaching the child?
What is inside the bottle sitting to the right of the red tin box?
The man is holding an item that is associated with which horror movie character?
What color is the shirt underneath of the old man's sweater?
Who is in danger of falling?
What main dish is served here?
What is the man wearing?
What are these planes emitting?
Why is he holding the bat?
What type of room is this?
Who is the older woman to the young boy in red?
What is the man on the phone sitting behind?
What kind of rider is she?
What is the cat doing?
Which franchise is advertised here?
What sea creature did the woman in black's necklace come from?
Why are the people wearing green rubber boots?
Which sign will be easier for someone way down the street to spot?
Where will this bus drop passengers off?
What is the term for the structure in the middle of the street?
What location is displaying items?
What sport are they enjoying watching?
For What reason does the person on the motorcycle have their right leg on the street?
What are the white flakes on the donuts on the top shelf?
What are the white bark trees called?
What does one of the people and the cameraman who took this picture have in common?
If you stuck your hand out the side what would happen?
Why are they cooking on a boat?
What damage has been done in this street?
Why is the plane parked here?
What is the freestanding structure in the middle of the room called?
The neon signs on the street are located in which city in Asia?
What type of medium is the woman using to communicate?
What is the plastic bag on the door handle being used to collect?
The multi color umbrella used for?
Which building is reddest here?
What is the woman in the white shirt doing?
How are persons here able to read at night?
Who caused the water to flood out?
What is the horse rider doing?
The second animal looks like it is doing what?
Where is this kitchen located?
Why is the woman holding a remote in a batter's stance?
Where do coffee beans come from?
What has been done to the red pole?
What electronic device is embedded within the bathroom mirror in this bathroom?
What state is this air patrol plane registered in?
Which coat is worn more outwardly?
What is the person on the right doing?
What birthday is someone celebrating?
How is the method of locomotion here powered?
Where do you think this is located?
What famous secret agent franchise is advertised on this train?
How is the tennis player feeling?
What is northstar air express responsible for?
What is the white article in front of the man's shirt?
What is in danger of being struck?
What are the three bulbs on the left side of the cutting board?
What separates the tennis court from the building in the background?
What does the No stand for?
Which country invented the donut?
What type of flooring does this room have?
What is number 46 waiting for?
This umbrellas used in which lamp?
What is located in the cages?
What is the traffic pattern?
What is near the door?
What herb is the guy on the left's hair often compared to?
What is this patio located next to?
What are the objects being that are painted?
What is this area called?
What part of this photo would these animals never encounter in their natural habitat?
What age elephant is shown here?
Which animal here is in gravest danger?
Inside what is the umbrella?
What dessert item was just placed within the appliance?
What country is this airport located in?
What tragedy can happen here?
The item in the shape of a rectangle that is on a plate is called what?
What kind of nuts are these sweets topped with?
What is the construction out on the water called?
The flag on the pillow case is for which nation?
How many days after the Independence Day was this picture taken?
What age people mostly utilize this space?
What type of people might the driver here transport?
What is the same color as the flag?
What type of event is happening here?
What allows him to see the contents of the oven when the door is closed?
What job does the woman seen here likely hold?
Why is the man so close to the child?
What animal does this resemble?
Why would someone come to this location?
What sort of craftsman might have wares sold in Hudson Valley Shoefitters?
People are most likely visiting this general strip to engage in what activity?
Why are her eyes red?
What type of phones are used at this desk?
Why is the man in red sticking his foot out?
What are the black things on the person's food?
The narrowest visible point of the board is pointing in what direction?
Why is she holding his arm?
What type of oven is behind the man?
Why are the parking meters likely displayed here?
What was probably stored in the container on the grass?
The sponsors are a clothing company and what else?
What country does the flag resemble?
What player is at bat?
What game are these characters from?
In what setting is this meal served?
How many species of animals are here?
What is the name of the red utensil in the pan?
Why is she bent over?
What is the area marked in blue used for?
Why are they all there together?
Where is the man probably going to take his bike next?
Which former country had a flag which looks similar to these banners?
How many slices of bread will filling be put on?
What is the term for a large group of people watching an event?
How many items qualify as a berry botanically?
Why have these people gathered?
How might they know each other?
How is this boat powered?
Why are the lower trunks of the trees painted white?
What team do the men on the field play for?
What type of equipment are the people holding?
What happens if they are left out too long?
What has been served with the chips?
What animal is the kite modeled after?
What can this vehicle likely carry?
What animal has the same colours as the floor tiles?
What is the purpose of the chalk on the ground?
What are the silver poles being used for?
What tool would be best ideal to propel this type of board?
Where would you most likely see one of these buses?
The home that this refrigerator is in is located in which country?
What is her sister's name?
What is the surface composed of where these kites are flying?
What video game genre is seen on the computer monitor?
What kind of chips are served on the plate?
What language is most likely spoken here?
What does the store whose sign has a blue arrow sell?
What will the giraffe likely do next?
Which character is on the television show that adorns this airplane?
What kind of boat is this?
The man with what color of shirt will get the frisbee?
What force is causing the boards to accelerate forward?
What is the man doing behind the boy in the cart?
The user of this desk works as what type of academic professional?
Where is the milk?
Which ball is the person about to strike?
Why are these women smiling?
What season is this definitely not?
Why is the man holding his hand to his mouth?
What is the yellow substance for?
What could possibly be casting the long shadow?
What is the giraffe on the left close to?
What vegetable is used in this sandwich unconventionally?
What will they squeeze the substance in the tube onto?
Why is he in the middle of the intersection?
Why is the man riding a motorcycle?
Which means of transport is pictured above?
What is the condition of the sky?
What position does the man in black play for the team?
What is the design behind the character known as?
What is the state of the blue item?
What letter comes after the last letter in the big sign alphabetically?
Why is the bottle sitting on that square object?
What is the food in the little bowl called?
Which train is more likely to move first?
From which donut shop have they most likely purchased donuts?
Why is she holding her hair?
What is causing a reflection in the image?
What's the name for the kind of area the skiers are using?
Who might likely employ the person wearing the brightest clothes here?
How has this food been prepared for serving?
What is the person on the left wearing?
What is this vehicle used for?
Why does the person in long read clothing wear a large head?
Who is the person holding the knives?
What would happen if he didn't have on gloves?
What are the little ones called?
What is he doing?
What style mount is this woman shown seated in atop her horse?
The person under the umbrella has what on their sleeve?
What are the horses doing?
Why is he sitting on the skateboard?
What does the person in pink ride?
What German company is being advertised in the signs?
What type of vehicle crosses near the white X?
What type of vehicle is present in the water?
What type or style meal is being prepared?
What kind of pattern is the road?
What race is the man closest to the camera?
What property does the black part of the costume have?
What does the man seated here await?
Who are the roads for?
In what French region are they in?
What purpose does the gray canister serve?
What is the thing on the front tip of the airplane?
Why are the men wearing orange vests?
This phone is the same color as which object inside of the classroom?
What type of mineral is the child most likely getting enough of?
Where did these animals find water?
What food is this child chewing on?
What is the elevated metal railway called?
What type of solution were the cucumbers soaked in?
Where does the minor league Red Sox player play?
Where is Sovereign Recovery located?
What are the last four digits visible on the pay toll?
What is near the mug?
What is in the tubes?
What type of transportation is shown?
Who owns the billboard illuminated in the most golden lighting above the NY Police dept?
What treat do the children share here?
In which country does this person play tennis here?
What is the small red appliance?
From what does the man with the umbrella protect himself?
What is a likely purpose of the cattle?
What prevents a person in a wheelchair from reaching the background?
Why is the beach empty?
What century could this be?
Why are these blockades here?
What material is the post to the left of the umbrella cover stand made out of?
What items were in the purple box?
How did the players arrive at this venue?
Where does the girl want to hit the ball?
Why is he opening his mouth wide?
The grey hat worn by the woman is made of what material?
What are the animals doing in the road?
What kind of sheep is nearest the back of the blue trailer?
What is the height of shuttle Net?
What is the main ingredient in the Kirkland product?
What might delay this planes departure today?
What is the opposite supernatural being based on the player in the red hat's jersey?
What is the name for this style of table?
What hat does the woman have on?
What is the abbreviation of the credentials that one needs to fly this craft?
Who will ultimately decide the fate of the play?
Why are there chains on the red thing?
What is the woman in red holding?
For what group of people is the yellow area on the platform built?
What is the red building the people are walking towards made from?
What kind of landscape are the two men seated at?
Where is this game being played?
What material is the platform made of?
Why is the man kicking his leg on the ground?
What enclosure is seen in the background?
What celebrity is from the country where the bus in the background is from?
What will they use to make this small enough to eat?
What is the animal on the tray?
Where could you get this food?
What sort of sport is being learned here?
What is the yellow object the boy is staring at?
What type of beverages are being consumed by the pizza eater?
Where is this area located?
How was the sauce for the spaghetti warmed?
How do these people know each other?
What is the man in the green shirt doing?
What kind of activity is featured in this snowy weather?
What is the boy looking at?
What type tennis game is being played here?
What business does the company featured by the clock engage in?
How are people in the stands here likely connected to the players?
What's the maximum number of players that can be on the court during this game?
What is the long tool behind the cake used for?
What is the man in blue trying to do?
What were these treats cooked in?
Where is this bathroom likely to be found in?
What does the tool near the pizza do?
Where will the bus stop next?
Why are they on the giant wave?
What are the posts made from on the right?
From where does the train get it's power?
What did the two men shaking hands just do?
Why is he smiling?
Where is this venue likely to be?
Why is only part of the image in color?
Which corner of the plate contains meat?
From what direction is the sun shining?
How is the man in the t shirt feeling?
Why is she smiling?
What is the bat made out of?
What team is the batter playing for?
Why are they here?
What is the occupation of the man on the horse?
What method was this dish prepared in?
Which person was born in the country where these words come from?
What country is this beach located in?
What type of coating is found on the paper below the donuts?
Which rental car agency is advertised on the fence?
What does this animal tend to have?
What type of donut is shown?
What keeps the trains wheels stable during travel?
How could you gain access to an area to place dirty dishes here to be automatically cleaned?
What does Humphrey store for later?
Why is the boy pointing towards the lit up laptop screen?
What type of racing is this?
What do the triangular barricades do?
What transportation surface is mentioned with the sign on the fence?
What sport it is?
Why is the guy in purple crouching?
In which direction are the three here likely to go next?
Where is this person likely having food?
In what country is this scene located?
What is needed for this activity?
What number do you get if you add the two numbers on the train together?
What must be paid to ride this machine?
Why are all the trucks in back of the boat?
What is on the left of the plate?
Why is the man holding his arms up?
What purpose does the white building serve?
The legs of the table and chairs contain which one of these elements?
What will the large boat do in the sea?
What is between two of the cars?
What would people be likely to do in this area?
Kites are being flown where today?
What kind of food is the man consuming?
Why is a white shield inside the Green truck windshield?
What is the black structure against the wall used to contain?
What is being done to the liquid in the bowl?
What does this bird's diet mainly consist of?
What action is the upside down person doing with the frisbee?
What boulevard is the Jones Theater on?
What action has she taken?
What is the man doing?
What is the boy doing with the book?
What is under the television?
Omitting which element to the green items here will quickly cause browning in this room?
What type of jewelry is in the woman's ear?
How is the woman in the grey shirt feeling?
Where is this cat located?
What grade are these girls most likely in?
What is the hanging item used for?
What natural element is being watched most closely here?
What body part is causing the most water mist?
Which action would be easiest for the skateboarding man to perform immediately?
What is someone about to do?
What are the animals on the left walking across?
What type of animals are present?
Where are these animals located?
Which bird is most likely last to grab a bug from the ground?
Who has fallen in the water?
What food group is available here?
What are is the image from?
What direction does a car go to get to Route 101?
How many cars can fit side by side on that path?
Why does the woman have her arms out?
What purpose do the hats worn serve?
What type of wood floor is used in most homes?
What is the man with the mustache doing with the black object?
Why is the front wheel off the ground?
What is the nickname of the first city?
What will persons seated here do next?
A snowblade is made of what?
Where does this man?
What will the blue jug do to the water besides store it?
What is in the bottle all the way to the right that is near the brunette woman?
What touches the feet of the people holding the airborn sails?
What is the woman doing while walking the dog?
What vegetables are blooming here with rounded heads?
What carved imagery animal is likely found on the amusement ride shown here?
Why is the girl reaching down?
What is used to make the run way?
While going down a hill the elephants momentum naturally makes him?
How has the girl fastened her shirt?
What kind of phone is he using?
What is the boy that threw the ball wearing?
Why is the lady holding that item?
Why did they open up the wall?
What type of clothing is this?
What is the man in green trying to do?
What hobby does the man looking up enjoy?
What is the end table being used for?
What would help protect her skin from sun burn?
What sort of business are the autos in all likelihood closest to?
What type of building is this?
What province is she riding in?
The wall behind the bed could be described by which one of these adjectives?
Who would ride this bus?
What type of crossing does the traffic light allow?
Where is this taking place?
What are the drivers using to see the road?
In which country does this bus travel?
What purpose is the bike serving right now?
Who does this house belong to?
What is on the plate?
What are the kids doing on the laptop?
Where are the people seated with the small child?
What time of icing is on all of the cakes?
What might explain the lack of furniture here?
What can one of the shiny silver things do?
What should you do if you enter this circular junction?
What might you do in the thing seem just to the left?
Which system connects the producer and consumers within the food system more closely?
What is in the kitchen but unnecessary for cooking or baking?
Why is the boy in red wearing a glove?
What is the man with the bat about to do?
This truck is probably based in what state?
What entities likely vandalized the train?
The boy skateboarding is a fan of what baseball team?
What is the purpose of the bed being out in the street?
What item has just been taken out from the plastic package?
Which giraffe left to right has the best chance of getting petted?
What structure is present above the parked trains on the rail tracks?
What are the people holding?
What type of pants is the girl wearing?
Which object is in motion?
What festival was coming soon after the photo was taken?
From which plant does the yellow item on the plate here originate?
From what country did this meal originate?
What did the man in the blue shirt just do?
What are the blue umbrellas being used for?
Why are those towels in the background?
What type of magazine genre is this person fond of?
Which vegetable is included in the image?
What are the colorful posters on the wall used for?
What brand is the bus?
Based on the amount of crust what is going to be the dominant flavor in this pizza?
What is the thing that people are using to ascend to the aircraft?
What is he doing with the pot?
How many more wheels does this have than a regular motorcycle?
This establishment most likely sells what?
What is number fifteen hoping to hit?
The woman holding the controller is playing a simulation of which sport?
What is he about to do?
What type of land are the horses found on?
How are these flowers being used?
What piece of furniture is misspelled here?
What breakfast cereal is being advertised on the television?
What type of counter is shown?
What is the owner a fan of according to this room decor?
Based on the candles how long has she been on the planet?
What do the glasses contain?
What kind of goods or service are the men on bikes probably offering?
What is the purpose of the orange net?
What happened to the structure that sat upon these posts?
What do the green things bring to the beach?
What physical activity is the man in orange involved in?
Where was this photo taken according to what we read on the boat hulls?
Why are the people lined up outside the white van?
What was used to get these small pieces?
Why is the rider's head covered?
Who probably took the picture?
Why is there a rolling cabinet?
At what event might the women be?
What will likely turn black here first?
Which numbers are fully visible on both the top left and top right of the front of the bus?
Why is the person putting his hand onto the skateboard?
What OS is the computer monitor displaying?
What is the white triangular button used for?
How would it be if she tried to snowboard assis?
How many mammals area shown?
How many things can be cooked at once?
What is needed for the activity shown?
What is closest to the pizza?
Mention the barber shop in the image?
What is on top of the front wheel of the motorcycle?
What is the green bus doing?
Which person has the most different sitting posture?
What are they discussing?
What scene is this place?
What does the man wear green bow tie?
The orange items are usually eaten by what character?
How will this food be cooked?
What is the woman in the black boots doing with the can?
What picture is on the wall?
What are the women standing in the middle of?
What does the bus say on the front?
What are the men on the boards attempting to do?
What is the man doing to the cow?
What did the two people riding the tandem bike just do?
Which horror movie title is related to what these animals are showing?
What does the restaurant most probably have in addition to food?
What are the giraffes near?
Why does the girl on the table look sad?
What are these kids wearing that keeps the water out of their eyes?
Why are their hands behind them?
What type of siding is found on the house?
What is the man in the white hat doing?
This country has what type of government?
What type activity is enjoyed here?
How many paintings are on the wall?
The gallon sized jug in the refrigerator door holds liquid from which subfamily?
For what protection are the pink round items used?
Who would drive these vehicles?
What dressing is the green bowl likely to be?
What kind of event is taking place?
Which object is in the greatest danger?
Vacuoles are present in which cell?
What relation is the man to the baby on his back?
What normally goes into these two fixtures?
How do these people know each other?
What would happen if you put paper directly over his hand?
Why would someone sit here?
What kind of windows does the building centered here have?
How many types of Frisbee's are there?
What is the pole near the older woman's leg?
What food did they already eat?
What is inside the cake being cut?
Why are there dark patches on the mountain on the right side?
What period of the day is the person in?
What place is shown here?
What are the green items on top of the pizza?
When the water drains one would expect to see what?
Why is the left end of the front bun irregular?
What type of area is shown?
What can be seen on the front of the poled structure on the far right?
Who is giving a gift to the kids here?
The animal represented by the float usually lives where?
What is the silver area of the bike made of?
What's the woman attempting to hit?
Why are the lights on at this ski resort?
What is next to the oven?
Which side of the street do the busses seen here travel when driving forward?
What does this truck most likely haul?
What is the red object that sits in the basket?
Where does the woman stand with a utensil?
What topic is absent from these hot dogs?
To which location does this plane mainly fly?
What animals are seen on the white rectangular shaped envelope?
What time of day is the bike being rolled into the covered area?
What is the man holding the paper wearing?
What is the red and white box on the left used for?
This bus belongs to which state?
Where is the toilet tank?
In what city are people traveling on this sightseeing bus?
Based on the door this furniture is most likely located in what?
What costumed character is this lady mimicking?
What is the man in blue t-shirt holding?
The tower behind the center festival decoration is used for broadcasting what?
What kind of weather is the woman experiencing?
What kind of instrument is in the case?
What is the person with the black helmet running towards?
What status is the person the people are waiting for?
What type of bed is next to the curtain?
What would you call the metal poles connecting to the front wheel?
The color of the man's shirt matches the color of what?
What type of dish would this be categorized under?
What does the design on the box that the monkey is sitting on look like?
What is the object above the right of the sink used to dispense?
Who is probably feeling the most cold?
What do people usually do in this room?
Why are these containers arranged this way?
What kind of location are the bikes parked in?
What can the type of material that's being dragged be used to make?
What types of bikes are these?
What action are these people taking?
How many hours would a person legally be allowed to park here?
Where do this plans go?
Who is the shepherd?
What animal pattern is the two piece kite using?
What is the best material for a tennis racquet?
What type of task is the woman working on?
What is the worker in the bucket crane examining?
Where is the man on the bicycle possibly going?
If the man eats what is around his head what vitamin will he get?
What is the man in the yellow beanie doing?
The speed range of para gliders is typically what?
Why can't they watch the television?
The current season is what?
What are they looking at?
What type of room are the people in?
What language is the banner on the bus written in?
What type of flooring is shown?
What is on the front of the train?
What brass object sits in the tower?
What's the name of the large white building in the background?
What is the same color as the umbrella?
What game might be played here by these two?
Which is not a fur color of one of the animals?
How many decades must pass before he can play professionally?
What air quality problem occurs in this bedroom?
Where can you reasonably go to the bathroom here?
On what does the child focus here?
The display is part of the storefront of which store?
What product does the young diner run out of here?
What is a natural danger here?
Where is this elephant located?
Who has right of way here?
What event is going to take place?
What kind of kite it is?
What is the most popular conveyance in this part of town?
What does the W S stand for?
What are the men doing on the field?
What is the man to the right trying to do on top of his bike?
Where is the occupier of the left chair seen here?
What is used to give the cake its brown color?
What gives the square items on the couch their shape?
In dollars how much does it cost to park a bike here?
What is the filling made of?
What country is depicted in the photo?
What is the name of the single light on the front of the motorcycle?
What potential hazard might occur?
What type of crossing is this?
Where were the first free public benches invented?
What is the person in the jacket holding?
What type of vehicles are shown?
What will the batter do now?
What is the girl using the poles to do?
What does the person facing seaward await?
What is the shape of the Wall's logo?
Which food out of these is most starchy?
What is probably faulty?
What type street does this bus drive on?
Why is he with the dog?
What vehicle propels the man forward?
What are baseball bats usually made of?
What is this large appliance used for?
What are most modern baseball bats made of?
Which car is in greatest danger if the FedEx car rushed forward?
The microbes grow on the tree in cold weather is?
What part of the giraffe in the front does the giraffe in the back look at?
What year did the biker's state become a part of the union?
What materials are the cabinets made from?
Why are the chairs in the water?
How were the meats most likely cooked?
What is the man doing?
What kind of lens was used to take this picture?
On which type of plant do these fruits grow?
What is the man in the light shirt doing?
What video format can this person watch films in?
What are the two doing behind the boat?
How is this man feeling?
What does the plaque on the back of this bench say?
What sort of traffic is allowed on the bridge over this train?
Who are these people to each other?
What item might this man be selling?
What is the boy in the blue hat about to do?
Where do the tubes from the raised bag go?
What would a player need here additionally to play a game with this equipment?
What can be found in the bucket?
What vehicle is present?
How were the potatoes this man eats prepared?
What temperatures are the persons walking experiencing?
What trick is this skateboarder showing to the crowd?
What is being done?
How is the image from the laptop able to be shown on the projector?
What are the people doing in the stands?
What kind of novels is this author of the book famous for?
What species of trees are closest?
What is the name of the trick the man is doing?
What is her character likely to put something under?
What do these kids want to do to the ball?
In which sort of location was this picture taken?
What is the woman prepared to do?
What holiday is potentially on this day?
How would they transport the cattle to the nearest patch of grass?
Which automobile appears to have their own dedicated path on which to travel?
What type traffic is allowed to go through this street at this time?
What danger does the fence at the back of the lot protect the cows from?
What is poodle hair called?
What is the shape of this kite?
What is floating in the sauce in the cup on the right?
Who will eat this food?
What item is most likely to win this race?
What was the pole design to do?
What is the upside down person doing?
What direction is the wind blowing?
How many toppings are on the pizza?
What does the man hold in his right hand?
What colors are on the cow closest to the camera?
Why are there tarps and umbrellas?
What kind of food is this?
What are the buildings in the background likely used for?
What process is this rowboat in currently?
What is the man in the brown shirt about to do?
Why is the woman putting money in the device?
What does this animal eat?
Why is the bus here?
What is the scientific name for the area protected by the pads?
How was the treat the child bites cooked?
What is the tube the woman is carrying used for?
What is the green thing leaning on the sandwich on the right side?
During which season is this amphibious bus operating in the water?
When was the television remote invented?
What is the danger faced by the woman on the left?
What protective apparel should this person wear?
What kind of natural structure can be seen?
For what reason is there yellow tape pulled here?
Why are books displayed on tables here?
The man looks most like what celebrity?
What is the social status of most people who own these boats?
Why is the crown worn here?
What is the brand name of the oral care product shown here?
What type of store are the scooters parked in front of?
What are diners here enjoying with their meal?
Why are the little people riding the sheep?
What is the electrical device on the wall to the left of the window used for?
The yellow item was most likely made in what type of pot?
What is the greatest danger here?
How many people are there in the bus?
How many Ossicones do giraffe's has?
Which animals with four paws can be seen?
What gives the court its red color?
What word sounds like the first word on the top left sign?
What would normally assist the skiers off the snow?
Why are the planes in this hanger?
What is the healthiest ingredient in the photo?
What airway is the closest plane belonging to?
What handedness does this pitcher possess?
How did this person arrive at this location?
What speed is the train traveling at?
What is the woman doing to her teeth while looking in the bathroom mirror?
Where is the photographer who captures this image?
For what group of people is the black area stepped on by the girl built for?
Is the man wearing a belt?
What is the black chair oriented to view?
The animal on the screen is what animal?
What keeps the cattle from eating the garden here?
What is the banana on top of?
What is the likely relationship between the man and the two girls?
On which continent is this boat floating most likely?
What is he doing?
What food shares the name that appears on the blue bottle?
What is the use for the wheeled item with the word lung on it?
What objects are being advertised on a billboard?
What color car roof here would be most dangerous to fall from?
Where did they purchase the beverage?
What article of clothing are the men showing off?
What are the circular patterns on the ground?
What item is being used to celebrate the child's birthday?
The blue flame on the top of the range indicates it is burning what flammable item?
What is on top of this food?
What form of currency allows cars to park here?
What type of station is nearby?
What is the cat leaning against?
Which direction does 17 want to run?
What kind of boots is the woman wearing?
The relationship between these people is most likely what?
What would be the best tool for a sand castle here?
Who is in danger?
What business category is behind advertised on the white sign?
What type of tennis are these two players playing?
Why would someone sit at this table?
What currency is displayed on the bag?
What was the clear glass jar designed for and typically used for?
What would be the outcome of the player missing the ball?
What sort of room is visible through the door?
What type of utensil is resting in the middle of the bowl in the cup?
What part of the body is the green item worn on?
What is behind the orange cabinet?
What is creating the larger waves?
What is the first name of the athlete he's advertising?
What life threatening danger does this kayaker face if the waves get to high?
What kind of bread is this?
Who is the man wearing the white shirt?
What word is missing from the phrase that ends in America?
What is this country?
What is the preferred web browser of the user of this desktop computer?
What animals are in the background?
What must the train do before the man on the left may pass?
What is causing traffic to stop?
What is the military time?
What is the cat in control of?
Which type of surf board is good for short waves?
These two black cats are most likely what?
What type of uniforms are the people wearing?
What device is used to ensure people stop here?
What is this sport name is called?
What area of the United States has this type of landscape?
What has washed up on the beach?
What appliance is next to the microwave?
What is this cake called?
How many passengers can this boat carry?
What is the man expressing?
What country's flag can we see on top of the roof?
What white items flavor this pizza?
Which of these men would you call if you were locked out of your car?
What is required to open the flow of water?
The glare from the sun may interfere with a persons ability to do what while cooking?
What mountain range might be seen from this vehicle?
What event might this be?
Why is he in midair?
What are the two men doing?
What decorates the wall?
What is the top baseball player doing?
What other people are known to sit in locations like this in this position?
Who are these grownups?
Which direction will the man go next?
Which mall business would be most devastated if all crops of this fruit failed?
Which food gives you the most starch?
What are these young guys doing?
For what activity is the standing lamp typically used?
What is usually found on this food item?
How are the papers fastened to the appliance behind the baby?
What are the 3 people standing together for?
How many people live here?
What is the motorcycle using to stay upright?
What is the posture of the person in back?
From what kind of seed did the item on the back of the motorcycle here first originate?
What kind of landform extends from the middle of the photo to the right in the background?
Why is the man swinging his arms?
Why have these people gathered?
What is number 12 doing?
What are they hoping to collect?
What is the person dressed as?
Why are horses eyes covered?
The orange item here is frequently pictured with what character?
Who was drinking from the coke bottle?
What is the style that added the picture of the boy to the image called?
Which way can those cars turn?
What is the scene being reflected off of?
The items that are square showing a sort of necklace are used for what purpose?
What mode of transportation is seen beside the monitor?
Which direction is this skier trying to go?
With what are these men focusing in on with their devices?
What is the area the man is skating in made of?
What product can you buy from one of the mentioned companies?
Why is the train on a bridge?
Whose footsteps is she following in?
Why are sticks stuck into the snow?
Who will try to get the ball from the person who touches it?
What is the woman hoping to do as she holds her bike rather than rides on it?
What type of HVAC system conditions the air in the bathroom?
What steel utensil is on the right?
What propels this boat?
What is the woman in purple avoiding here?
Which player is determined to be in the right here?
What is this woman trying to do?
What does the vehicle belong to?
What will go on top of the veggies?
What is usually held in the item being sat on here?
What are the people doing?
The remote control placed on top of the black cat controls what object?
What's the name of the meeting the group are at?
What is she doing with the child?
What is the large brown pastry on the tray?
How are these two related?
What has the boy done with the frisbee?
What is he doing?
What are the women participating in?
What are the blue bottles on the ground used for?
Which fruit is more expensive to buy at the supermarket?
In which one of these cities can you meet the characters shown here?
Where is the owner of these bags on the way to?
What does this animal like to eat?
Why are the bricks there?
What is the man doing?
What sport is the boy playing on the beach?
What is usually displayed on the chalkboard in these restaurants?
What video game system are these men playing against each other on?
Who is the manufacturer of the bat?
What season brings this weather?
Why is the dog in midair?
What comic book company do they probably like?
What beverage is the man drinking in the mug?
What kind of shirt does the person most fully prepared to grab the frisbee wear?
What will happen to this mans feet if he doesn't stop?
Who would stay in this room?
Why would someone sit at this table?
Why is he kicking the boy in the face?
This is a dorm room of a student majoring in what?
What process is used to create the pillow fabric?
The main color of this vehicle is the same color as what?
What sort of weather is this hat usually associated with?
How many different directions may traffic travel here?
Which direction is okay to go?
What do the items in front of the tires here prevent?
What is she doing?
Who lives in these buildings?
The waiting room is segregated by what?
What are they doing with the pie?
What is the temperature like here?
Which is the most common seabird?
What is on the boys face?
What type of climate are these people living in based on the amount of plantains?
Why is the long haired boy touching his shoe?
When did rubber bracelets become popular?
What does the man in the center of the field want to achieve?
Where would this style of porcelain item be found in a house?
Why are the baseball players so low?
What are those french fries made out of?
What type of race is this?
This kind of animal was the star of what TV show?
What video game console is standing upright?
Who crafted the thing on the person's feet?
Why is the plate empty?
What type of phone can be accessed here?
What is the exterior of the pet cage made of?
What are the animals sleeping on?
Which vegetable is called starchy tuber?
What is on the woman's lip who is holding the camera in front of the computer?
Which man has judging power?
What professional athlete wore this number?
Where did the money come from?
What is the silver object near the bull's neck?
What country is highlighted in blue?
What sport is being shown?
The desire to do what is likely driving the woman to rearrange the magnets?
What is the man participating in?
What are the colorful machines called?
What animal is in the photo?
Why is the woman standing behind the boat?
What is inside the creature being cuddled here?
Why is the outdoors hard to see?
Besides Africa what continent can these animals be found naturally on?
Which soft drink does the building in red sell?
The person in blue is best described as what?
This museum draws visitors to what city?
What food is the heart shaped object made of?
What brand are the shorts the player is wearing?
What sport is being played?
How many minutes until the train arrives?
What is likely on top of the green part of this meal?
What happened to this players left knee?
Which hemisphere are the majority of these sport establishments located?
Where might Bayshore be based on the flag?
Where does this cow live?
The helicopter assists which type of sports participants?
When was Heaver Bros. Ltd. founded?
What are most wineglasses made of?
What can people enter that is behind the trees?
What sort of terrain is visible in the background?
What type of finish or item covers the back wall?
Why is the woman pointing her toes?
What is the term for this outdoor trading area?
Which team did they cheer on at the Olympics?
Cats needs which kind of feel?
What is the woman in yellow protecting herself from?
How are the flying objects being controlled?
Which vehicle is most camouflaged by the snow?
How is the boy controlling the object?
What is the fruit mimicking?
What sort of session are they attending?
Where is the animal currently sitting?
What type of pitch is this?
What is the problem with this tie?
What is the door on the far left for?
What material is the bench made of?
What type weather is typical here?
What does the white product to the back need to grow properly?
Which one is carrying the most weight?
What name was added to this company's name in 2000?
What is this person miming out as a joke as being done with the scissors?
Which group of people are most likely to visit Mary's club?
What is the purpose of this event?
Who is using this laptop?
Persons using this kitchen clean dishes by what manner?
Which one of these countries has a flag that is most similar to the kite?
What is on the wall?
What is causing the smoke above the food?
What are the small white objects on the fruit?
The toilet lid has been made from what material?
What clothing item is most strangely fitting on this man?
What do the persons on the bench await?
Sitting like this allows the snowboarders to avoid doing what with their Snow boards?
What country were his shoes originally created?
What material is the sink made of?
What type of professional sport it played in this area?
If you were sitting in a chair what could you put your feet on?
What kind of animal is needed to use this boat?
What type of sign is the yellow sign?
What skill is the motorcycle doing?
Which item is likely most crispy?
Why are the people wearing blue outfit?
What does this young man do here?
How can one tell where the doors are on the train?
Where does the man holding the bat want the ball to go?
What celebrity shares the same first name as the name of the street on the right sign?
What are the paddles above the overhead light used for?
What tool is printed on the shirt on the railing?
What religion is the man in the white shirt?
What type of shelter is next to the street?
How many blossom roses are there in the cake?
What is this place famous for?
What is on the table?
Which side of the road is the fire truck driving on?
Which hand is dominant in the batter shown?
What activity are the people shown involved in?
What tragic even is this city famous for?
Which food will most likely be eaten last?
Where does he want the frisbee to land?
Which gate does one enter through if they purchase tickets to the Clubhouse?
What is she ready to do next?
What type of chair is the first chair on the left?
From which fruit does the beverage served here come?
Why are the tops of waves white?
What is the woman pushing in the carriage?
What is the texture of the brown object?
Why is the boy reaching for the racquet?
Why do these people need hats?
What action is the woman ready to take?
How is she communicating?
What animal is facing the herd?
Who manufactured the SUV on the right?
What venue is shown in the image?
What type of skateboarding would this be considered?
What kind of transport aircraft flies above?
Why is the woman on the right holding an object in her hands?
Which item is located closest to the woman?
If this person wanted to wash their hands where would they have to go?
Who is most likely to be the boat driver?
In which type setting are the bikers?
What color does the person who has a birthday wear?
These animals are drinking from what type of water resource?
What is the person without a skateboard using for transportation?
What is she doing with the banana?
What is the green stuff called on the plate?
What is the goal of the man working on the boat here?
On what side of the bus should they go if they want to take the metro?
Why are they clasping hands?
Why is the water shooting at the plane?
What sort of beverages are sold here?
The person under the orange umbrella is whom?
Why is the street shiny?
What can you see in the sky?
Why is the man using a rope with the animal?
What skateboarding trick is the man trying?
How long until the man lands?
What are the birds greatest in number in the water?
What did the man in white just do?
What is on the string the men hold?
What can this boarder watch while skateboarding here?
Why is he holding his hand out?
In what year was this company's home state admitted to the Union?
What is the man in white shirt doing?
Skateboard is made up of what wood?
Why is the dog wearing a muzzle?
What type of shoes would be better for this activity?
What type of pizza is in the front?
What is the man wearing over his body?
What is the animal used for in the sport depicted on the shirt?
What is the food being stored in?
What is the player in yellow doing?
What is near the man?
What part of his uniform is he least likely to wear if he plays when he's older?
What is the man skating bending his knees?
What would the average person need to do to use the microwave here?
Who will dry the dishes here?
What type weather is the beach setting having here?
This bus takes passengers to a stop on what subway system?
What season does the tree indicate it is?
Why is the woman holding an open umbrella behind her back?
Where might the truck in yellow be headed?
What temperature beverage is found in the carafe here?
Which direction are kayakers facing?
Why are these animals here?
What is he holding on the paddle?
What is the name of the nut on the plate?
Why does sh hold the slice with both hands?
What is this place called?
Which entity is in the greatest danger?
Why are these people laying here?
What superhero theme is on the bike?
How was the product being eaten here advertised or labeled?
Which one is the African artiodactyl mammal?
What type of restaurant is this?
What are the vehicles parked near the bar used for?
What base will the batter run to next?
What setting is the outfit of the boy sitting in the middle usually found?
What are people doing in the water?
The arts in the kites are introduced by whom?
What is the dominant food group within the dishes?
What is the size of the bed called?
What is this flowerpot made of?
What is the letter made from on the cake?
What would prevent this area from being good farmland?
A balaclava is also known as what?
What is the flat vehicle for in front of the plane?
What is the person standing on?
Where is the person located?
What facial expression is the green ball showing?
Why are the people on the bench sitting so close?
What will the person with the bat do next?
What might these ladies eat?
What is the red zone on the road for?
What is the color of the shirt of the person who can bare a child?
What type of style of beef called in this sandwich?
The item the person is standing on was from what century?
What is the purpose of the power cube on the back of the wheelchair?
Why would the women be brushing her teeth outside?
Which animal is in danger from the other here?
What is the surfer doing to the wave?
What city is associated with the 071 code?
What is the silver framed object inside the cabinet used for?
What is the name of the championship of this sport called in America?
What color is the thing you may put garbage inside of here?
What country did this motorcycle originate from?
What will the next thing the pitcher does?
What transportation device is visible?
What are they doing?
What are the colored items here used for?
What sort of meat is on the plate shown?
By what means is this animal's salable product garnered?
What are these people playing?
What are the boys doing in the room?
Where might the items in the bag be cooked today?
What is the white chord around the woman's neck?
What is an average deck sizes on PISO skateboards for adults?
What type of wine is likely held in glasses here?
What food group do these plantains belong to?
What type bird was killed to create this meal?
Where is the dog seated while riding on the bike?
What does the man farthest to the right have on his neck?
What do they want to prevent the ball from touching?
This machine is meant to assist what type people in payments?
Why is the person pushing the button?
What is the number on the fence referring to?
What surface are they playing on?
Why does this man wear sunglasses?
What fruit is required to create the beverage being advertised?
Equipment for what sport is readily available here?
What is the woman pushing?
What major gaming company made the device the person is holding?
What is in the bowl sitting in another bowl?
What is the brown desk the laptop is on made of?
What object can be seen underneath one of the restroom sinks?
How many monitors are present this room?
What does the white tag here allow the skier to board?
What is happening here?
How fast is this plane flying now?
What is the man standing up pointing at?
Why are the planes so close?
What is number 25 tapping?
What condiment is in the white paper bowl?
Why is he leaning?
How is this area kept cool in warming weather?
This bank is affiliated with what church?
Why are there lit candles on the cake?
What kind of bathroom is this?
What could have caused the puddles in the mud?
The subject being filmed most here wears what color shirt?
How many wheels do all visible vehicles here have?
What kind of sink is this?
What is the man skateboarding on?
What is the stuffed animals on top of the book shelf supposed to be?
What do the officers here observe?
How many people are waiting to enter the river?
What are they doing?
Where is the bus headed to?
Why are the people celebrating?
Which letter is sewn in red on the top of the man's hat in the center?
What is the woman engaging in?
Which animal is closest to the camera?
What will this man do with the frisbee first?
Where is the headquarter of this airline company?
Which city is the team in gray from?
Where are the people located?
What does this man wish would stop?
To get away from the dock's edge most quickly what method would one use?
What does the item the person on the far right is holding protect against?
The red meat that is shown here comes from what animal?
What can be done with the appliance in this room?
What item will you find inside this facility with more duplicates?
What instrumental music might this couple listen to later?
Why are they here?
Why does the man on the motorcycle have his arm out?
What do people usually feed these animals?
What kind of sport are the people pictured above playing?
What most likely motivates the cat to do what it's doing?
What language is seen on these signs?
For what reason are these people sitting in bed?
The item advertised on the sign is usually made from what?
Why is there black netting behind the players?
Which player is controlling the avatar with the blue gloves?
What is the red vegetable inside this sandwich?
What is the man reading?
What flag can be seen here?
What is the traffic light preventing?
From what organism did this person get the green items?
Is there a fence in this image?
What is the name of the large yellow pole?
What's inside the animal the child plays with?
What is being given to the dog here?
Who made her racquet?
This shop is situated in which country?
What are these vehicles called?
How long does would the pedestrian have to cross here in seconds?
What is being held up by two of the giraffes?
What is the most popular pizza topping?
What is the man with the glove ready to do?
What can keep her head dry besides the umbrella?
Why does the horse have a bright yellow covering?
What kind of event is being advertised?
A method of horse training is called?
What kind of weather is this?
What is the giraffe smelling?
What other sport also requires a certain player to wear a glove similar to this?
Why is the man wearing a glove?
What is the design of the staircase called?
What state of mind is the giraffe most likely in?
In what style was this room designed and decorated?
What holiday is this boy likely celebrating?
What does the flower look like it is inside of?
Is tattoo allowed in this place?
What is near the colorful items?
What can the heart do as it is drawn?
Who is the man in grey behind the batter?
Why are the two skiers so close to each other?
What do these men have in common?
What is offscreen to the bottom right and likely to be casting a shadow onto the snow?
What is he using the rectangular device to do?
Why is the yellow line painted on the ground?
What sound maker can be found above the clock?
The pictograms on the tie show how to do what?
How many total legs are here even if only partially visible?
Why is the man raising the object to his mouth?
What is the large blanket on the right used for?
What is the man carrying to the water?
What does the spindle across from the cordless phone hold?
What country is this bridge located in?
Why does the woman need string?
What is the mood of this group?
What name is on the bottom of the ski board?
What Leavening was used in this dish?
What type of traffic is allowed at this street here at this time?
Why are so many suitcases together?
The artistically displayed items here are normally connected to what?
What utensil is missing from this table?
How is this type of bridge called?
Why are the boys holding gloves to the ground?
What type of bird is on the red white and green barrel?
How many wheels total are there among these vehicles?
What is the name of the street parallel to the stop sign?
In order to be authentic this beverage must be produced in what country?
Why are the skiers wearing numbers on their shirts?
What products can be purchased at this store?
What do the kids with the guitars stare at?
What is the best shape for a kite?
Are the girls wearing matching necklaces?
What is the highest number that is visible?
What is required of people facing this traffic light?
What brand is this vehicle?
How does this vehicle connect to the ground?
What is the pen used to do on the paper?
The person riding on the chair on the elephant is doing so because he is a what?
Where do these ladies walk to?
What animals are shown in the photo?
What can be purchased at this business?
Why is the man's face green?
What type of waste material is recycled in the blue bin to the left of the dog?
What type property is this?
Where was modern skiing invented?
What color pants does the person who threw the frisbee wear?
What type of camera is he using?
What type of event do the people skiing take part in?
How were the potatoes seen here cooked?
What is above the car?
What item is mimicked behind her head?
What is in the air?
What are they doing?
What appliance will they use to cook this dish?
Who won the game?
What are they doing?
What type of vehicles are most shown here?
What is the person doing here?
The flag of what country is placed in the berry cake?
What is closest to the computer screen?
What fruit is the tree bearing most likely?
What vehicle type is not allowed to park on the street?
Who is in the greatest danger?
What type of animal is being depicted on the plate with the food on it?
Why is she holding the racquet behind her?
What are professional horse riders called?
Which Giants team does he play for?
What did the man in the air just do?
What is the man wearing over his shirt?
What happened to this image?
What is the circular object under the wing?
Where is the company from that makes the white truck?
Which color item qualifies as dairy?
What is the man in the foreground doing?
Why are the triangular cones orange in color?
What is the person standing on?
Why are these sheep in pens?
Which fruit pictured is a good source of vitamin C?
What body of water is this activity more commonly done in?
What is the player doing here?
What is the weather?
What is on the plate?
The kites are flying above what?
The clover in the grass beneath the trees is blooming during which season?
What restricts their movements?
What do people put around train tracks?
What type of frosting is on the donut?
What kind of product is most probably being transported in the last and tallest box on the truck?
The pizza came out of the oven powered by which fuel source?
Why is he holding the bat like that?
What is the man doing with the dog?
What is the floor of the elephants pen made of?
What does the woman all the way to the left have?
What body part does the blue bowl nearest to the man represent?
Why are the men leaning to one side?
What does the person have in their hand?
Who are the yellow buses designed for?
What is the plane doing that requires it to be perpendicular to the runway?
What kind of Olympic game it is?
The elephants and people are causing what to form behind them?
What kind of programming is currently playing on the television most probably?
Why is the man on the horse here?
Why do sheep graze in a field?
The nearest shadow belongs to the man wearing what color of shirt?
What missing items allows kites to be easily flown here?
What fruit is in the middle?
How many person can be seen?
Why can't they travel?
What are the people under the umbrella fearing?
How is this food cooked?
Where is this group headed?
What does the man's sandwich most resemble?
What are the people focusing at?
What site is the water shown in here?
What do those riding this vessel use to do their jobs?
What material are the two bears to the right of the desk clock made from?
What are the blurry boxes in the background most likely to contain?
What is a behavior that is found in this animal species?
What is their relationship?
What profession is shared by these people?
What game are these two kids going to play?
What are the two people located in?
What is happening to the woman in white?
Where are these people located?
Fermentation of grains fruits or other sources of sugar produces what?
Why is she holding the bat in front of her?
What kind of knife is the woman using to cut the knife?
What country are these cars manufactured in?
What is the baseball most likely to hit next?
What are in the bottles on the right?
What action will the man take next?
What is in the tube behind the person's ears?
What state is this location?
What type of phone is not included in the collection of phones?
What is the company 2M?
Where is this vehicle able to drive?
What is the man doing on the bench?
What type of printing technology does the printer next to the waste bin utilize?
In addition to pizza what is very likely to be available here?
What is the woman using the white object in her right hand to do?
In a game or rock paper scissors which items beats what the woman has in her hands?
This event is most likely to take place where?
What is the brown stuff on the board?
What are they doing?
Where do these men enjoy their snack?
Where will these men go next?
What does the horse hold in it's mouth here?
What are the appliances made of?
What are the people queueing up for?
What type of bird is in the image?
What is on the table?
What are the yellow barrels next to the road for?
Why do they have umbrellas?
What brand wristband the player worn?
Why are the flamingos looking in the water?
What role does Bank of America play to this game?
What is the man with his hands in the air doing?
What is a collective name given to the food options above?
What famous movie character could ride these floating devices?
Which company is known for making the object the person on the right has on their feet?
Why are the cones orange in color?
What shot is this female player making?
What is the shape of the dark inserts on the backsplash?
What type of animals are present?
A few people in the stands are wearing what?
Where could someone put their garbage?
What tree produced the uniquely green fruit seen here?
A man that uses the items on the counter is referred to as what?
If he is taking a video what kind of quality will it be?
What must one do to the original meat item to get it in this form?
What is the man wearing red shirt doing?
What do the men's uniforms typically represent?
What period of the day is it?
The shiny bottle with white label was used to serve what?
What is the black/red item with the white cap?
What is the woman doing to her sneaker?
What items on the table could feed the tree in the plant pot?
What color is the motorcycle helmet on top of the red headed woman?
The person's head here is in which position?
Which direction is the large gray ship going?
What does this player practice?
Where are the three people seated?
What do giraffes have that no other animals have?
What is likely to come by at any moment?
What is the woman in the black dress holding in her hand?
Who owns this plane?
This area is based on which author's works?
What is the man doing to the bird?
Where could you stretch out and watch TV here?
What brand is his shirt?
What is the little bird on the right side standing on?
What subject are the students studying?
What is the green object on top of the food?
What is the man in the middle doing?
What is the man adjusting?
For what reason are buildings here elevated high above ground?
What happen to the eyes of the man who is drinking?
What sort of meat is going to be consumed here?
What style tennis is going to be played by these girls?
How many giraffes do you see in the picture above?
What location are these children in?
What can you obtain from the website advertised?
What is the condition outside?
What use is the train here mostly?
What kind of cat is this?
What's covering most of the people here?
Where can they toast an item?
Where is this array of teddy bears being displayed?
What is the child doing with the object in his hand?
Why are there triangles on the road?
What is he hoping to score?
Why does smoke come from front of train here?
What is lit up?
What does the player wipe away with his towel?
Why is his foot raised behind him?
What likely powers these scooters?
Who helps keep the person riding the motorcycle dry?
What type weather is likely to cheer up most people we see here?
How do you know this is a residential area?
What is the large triangular object in the distance?
The person here focuses on what?
What should the drivers do in this situation?
What type of phone is being used?
How do persons here dine?
What is across from the water?
How will most of these men get off the mountain they stand upon?
What is the orange object called?
Based on the discarded fixtures which part of the building is undergoing renovations?
What game is being played here?
What is the likely relationship of the woman to the kids?
What does this train carry?
Where is the woman likely heading?
How did the child most likely get to the spot she stands?
What are the devices on the lower wall called?
What is this place?
What is the man doing in the front of the blue plane?
What sauce is on this pizza?
What's the term for the man seated in the tall blue chair?
Where did he come from?
What is the girl using the wooden stick to do?
How is the dog in midair?
Why is the red hat sitting on the briefcase?
What is the baby called?
What does the most visible kite appear most as?
This picture was likely taken in what decade?
What can this feline do most of the day?
Who's pastime is this sport?
What is the number on outfit worn by the goats?
How many people are wearing spectacles?
Who applied the blue paint to the wall here?
Who owns Brough Superior motorcycles?
What kind of artwork is framed on the left side of the screen on the wall?
What is on a carousel?
What is this called?
What are the girls doing with the white remotes?
What is she doing?
What sort of facility is seen here?
What is the player standing on the base ready to do?
As a foreigner how could somebody know when to cross the street?
What is the object in his right hand traditionally made of?
Where are the people who set up the umbrella and blanket here now?
What material is used to make the balls in the dogs mouth?
What is the job of the man behind the player?
Which animal has bigger eyes than any other mammal that lives on land?
In what direction is the sun with respect to the person wearing a blue jacket?
What type of people obviously live here?
What TV show would this kind of vehicle be found in?
What is the bowl on the table made of?
World skate is the head controller of which game?
What color shirt does the person at bat wear?
Why is the cage filled with the same type of bird?
What is the make of the dark colored car on the left?
Where is he most likely pushing the things to?
What type of shop are people congregated in front of?
What type passengers board this train?
What is the boy in green ready to do?
What does the animal in the picture above do?
What is the man carrying in both hands?
What company made the shit the man on the left wearing a hat has on?
What type of board is the man in the hat pulling?
What item was probably used in creating the bench?
What makes visibility here seem gray and dark?
What city are the headquarters of this child's shoes?
What are the white posts called in front of the building?
What species of cow is black and white?
In what country would this attire cause a person to sweat?
What type of food is served here?
WHat kind of dog is this?
What is placed on top of the mantle?
How did this sheep die?
What is the woman in the costume depicted as?
What will the man below the tennis ball do now?
The item hanging on the wall is called what?
Where are these elephants located?
Why is the man wearing a glove?
What is on the dock?
What is the means of riding available here if you must ride without wheels?
What powers the device being held here?
From what location does this train draw or complete an electrical circuit?
What is planted in the sand?
What is the man holding?
Who is the man at the end of the train?
How did that elephant get there?
What is in the can on the counter?
What is inside the bun being bitten?
The man throws with the same hand as what athlete?
What would someone need to do to use this device?
What type of clientele does the book store have?
What is the main factor keeping the planes on the dirt?
What are these animals known for producing?
What is most likely in the smallest bowl shown?
What are the people holding?
When did the company that made this shirt get it's current name?
According to the sign beneath the stop sign what are motorists not allowed to do at this corner?
What type of event is this?
What does the green stuff here need?
What sort of relationship do the two people seated have with one another?
What style of pizza is on the plate?
What are the poles of the fence made of?
What type of storm is coming?
The man is most likely closest to what birthday?
Why is the foil being used?
What was used to create the colorful art on the metro car?
What did the person in white just do?
What is the smiling woman doing?
The red envelopes on the table indicate that there is what electronic device in the room?
Why are the bicycles lined up in a row?
What kind of product is likely hauled by the green truck?
What are the purplish strips on the pizza?
What are they doing to the green object?
What animals are present?
What kind of donuts are in the box?
What does the umbrella provide here?
Vitamin A is rich in which vegetable?
Which of the woman's limbs is connected more directly to her surfboard?
What is the design of the chair?
What are the cows walking on?
What has caused the food on the plate to look shiny?
The green domed building serves which purpose?
What state is this field most likely in?
What would be the best explanation for why someone parked an old bus indoors?
What time will it be in twenty five minutes?
What diet Soda is served here?
What drink are the animals sitting next to?
What is the thing on the baseball bat for?
Why is he wearing a glove?
What move does this player use?
What is the back tire made out of?
What kind of location is this?
Where does the young boy have his hands on?
What kind of road do we call this place?
What type of transportation is shown?
Why is she forbidden to go past the barrier?
What type of print is the man raising his hands wearing on his shirt?
What is on the surfboard in the middle?
What made the tracks here?
The person wearing what color of shirt enforces the game rules?
Where is the man while he is swimming?
Which train is accepting passengers?
What is the form of cake is on the left?
What is the most efficient way back up the hill?
What will this man have for dessert?
What can this person obtain via the grille?
Which country's flag is the furthest left in the group?
The player wearing what color of shirt is likely to catch the frisbee?
The men here prefer to stop at which elevation to start their day of fun?
What does the woman in blue laying down intend to do?
What kind of transportation is this?
What are the players here likely celebrating?
Why is the man raising his hands?
What could help fix the color of this surface?
The symbol of which popular sporting event can be seen here?
What cell phone company does this man support most recently?
What are the Asian men trying to find?
What type of sign is on the pole?
What state does the text on his shirt sound like?
In what continent is this hotel likely to be located?
Why is he perfectly safe?
Which food element here is likely most sour?
What is a restaurant that specialises in this food?
Why are his hands stretched out?
What could a person normally do in the small glass structure to the right?
The two people sharing an umbrella here are what to each other?
In what year did this company exit bankruptcy?
The umbrella is made of what material?
What team is featured on her hat?
Why are the people holding umbrellas?
What condiment is in the small white container next to the dish?
What type of sign is on the building?
What type of plane is behind the man?
What is the name of the street?
What are the animals doing?
What beverage is being enjoyed here?
What is the possible danger shown in the scene?
What geographical feature is likely visible from here?
How do these people know each other?
Where will the passengers enter?
What gives the water that color?
What province did this event take place?
Where are these objects probably from?
What persons most frequently ride this conveyance?
Why is there snow up there?
The skiers will have difficulty concentrating on skiing because distracts them?
Who is wearing the most safety gear?
Why have these people gathered?
What country is this?
Why are they so close together?
What can be prevented by the man holding onto the top of the blender?
How many teeth does the baby have?
Why has he covered his eyes?
What is the player ready to do?
What is the young girl doing with the white object?
What is on the grass?
How are the two people under the umbrella likely related?
What condition of this place is favorable to this sport?
What type of team is this?
What is on the sand?
To whom is this man going to buy stuff from this shop?
Which lens is used in bus side mirror?
Why might the zebras be gathering here?
What is unusual about the horses?
What kind of building is the one with blue rails?
What are this group of people doing?
Where does the ladder on the bus give access to?
What is the binomial classification of these birds?
Who is skiing with the man in front?
What does this food truck only accept for payment?
What is she doing with the sandwich?
Where are they going?
What is the woman ready to do?
What is the general term give to the place above?
What type of event is this?
The man lying down uses the umbrella for what?
What does the man hold?
What is the chopped object near the baby elephant?
What animals can be seen behind the closed doors?
What kind of animals are these in relation to their diets?
Why is she not moving?
Where are all these suitcases most likely on display?
Which direction was the board traveling in?
What is happening in the pot the woman stirs?
What food can you buy as you get on the bus?
What are the rugs for?
What is the woman doing with the knife?
What drink did the man in the black jacket have in his now empty glass?
The plants that are tallest here produce what edible?
This girl has similar hair color to what actress?
Who is the man closest to the motorcycle?
What sort of weather is seen here?
From where is the water coming?
What age group is this person in?
The item the person is wearing on their face looks like what?
The person in the bathroom likes which famous classic arcade game?
What does the person next to the black banner rent?
What country's flag can be seen on the truck?
Why is the young child holding poles?
Why is the bridge a brownish color?
In which setting is this person?
What kind of information is on this train car?
What is this sport name?
What is about to be hit here?
How is the food staying fresh?
What is the opposite destination based on her sign?
People who sleep here pay in which type period of time?
In which era was this photo taken?
What type of wares are being stacked into the truck?
What are the young men in uniforms in the foreground a part of?
What must you grasp to open these doors?
What proves that the cat is allowed on the counter?
What type markings are shown here?
What is the white circle in front of the man?
What country does this bus originate from?
The pets are not eating or drinking because they are likely what?
Why is the man holding a camera?
Why is there a line forming by the building?
The people are using what device?
What is the horse doing?
What phobia is associated with these kind of waves?
What is the person in red most likely awaiting a turn for?
How many wheels are on the cycle being ridden here?
What is the most likely beverage in the cup?
What geographic formation is in the distance?
What are the cows pictured above reared for?
What beverage will they drink after the game?
What is the person doing at the front of her fridge?
What do the windsurfers here depend on most?
What surface is the man playing on?
Of what use are the tables and chairs here?
Why has the woman covered her head?
Which of those country's flags has the largest land area?
At which building does the purple train stop?
What is in the bucket?
What is the little angel in the flower pot called?
What type of settlements are near the airport?
What material is the cage made of?
What body part do you need to be most careful with here?
Where is this table located?
What is the salad in the bowl called?
If you kept walking forward from where the camera is what would happen to you?
What is keeping the road closed sign from falling?
What will happen if someone parks here?
What move has the tennis player just done?
What is fake in this photo?
What shapes are in the grass?
Which street could this biker refill his prescription on most quickly?
What does the dog have to do to keep from falling?
From what do the eyesare being worn here protect the wearers from?
Other than the dog how are the sheep being controlled?
What is the person on the left sitting on?
What amuses the pink phoned person?
What would be the most likely cause of a travel delay for this airport?
What part of the day is this meal usually eaten?
What is the person doing in the kitchen?
What is most likely holding the images into the flat white surface?
Why are they so close together?
What is the color of road?
What is strapped to the body?
How many visible stripes are in his right shoe?
Where will this bus stop next?
What is the last name of the creator of the big vase?
Durable and nontoxic kitchen cabinets are made of what?
What type trip are people standing here going on?
What is creating the white long cloudlike lines in the sky?
What does the man intend to do to the giraffe?
What are the pillars for?
What covers the top of the treat the cat bites?
What is the white box near the green door used for?
This man most closely resembles what actor?
How does the donut taste?
What medium was the art on the wall done with?
Which street lane or lanes is the bus traveling in?
What is the sink made out of?
Which of these bananas will be edible longer?
Where is this person located at?
What are cows doing in the lake?
Where did this person purchase this edible item?
Why are they so rowdy?
What is the source of the item being drug by elephants?
The shape of the paragliding inflatable wing is?
What's the weather like for these skiers?
What major type of infrastructure is located close by?
What is the electronic device in this room used for?
What are the overhead cables for?
How many different breeds of cows are shown here?
Where is this event most likely being held?
What is on the lift raised in front of the clock tower?
Most of the visible trees here are what?
Why is the man spreading a substance on his surf board?
What language is probably spoken in this locale?
In what group are the people with Black Racing jackets?
What will probably be added to this food?
What type of footwear are the two wearing?
What does he do?
What will the woman with the empty purple plate eat?
What course is being served?
What is sh doing?
What type of skate maneuver is the boy in white performing?
These animals like to eat food from where?
Where is the fire hydrant mounted?
What is the oval thing on the desk called?
The kites perform was motion in order to move across the sky?
Why are there horses in front of the carriage?
In what location was this oven built?
The pattern on this animal most closely resembles the pattern on what other animal?
What company seems to have sponsored this event?
Why is the vehicle braking?
Why did the bike riders stop?
What hobby might the person shown here have?
Where is the blue item most likely to be used?
What type of building might that be?
What is the relationship between the two people?
What is this type of pizza called?
What food place did the children get their food from?
What brand could the red sticker on the laptop stand for?
Why does the man stand on one leg?
What kind of residence is this?
People sit in what area?
What is the man saying with his hand gestures?
Which vegetable is likely the most expensive item by piece or pound?
Why is the woman on the left standing behind the table of pastries?
What wrestler is named after the long item with the wing logo?
What type of street sign is near the people crossing?
What handedness does the batter here exhibit?
What is the bear here doing?
What is the maximum speed of this type of animal in miles per hour?
What are in the tank against the wall?
What vehicle on the north side of the street will the car traveling west pass second?
Who might this man be?
What is the man doing to the building?
What kind of pattern is the road?
What type of dish is the bird drinking from?
The girl is positioning her body in the way a model does by doing what?
What leavening allows the dough to rise on this dish?
What is the author creating?
Where is the white cup in front of the second chair from the left from?
What white fluid is often found here?
What country is this spot in?
What does the kneeling person hold in their hand?
What country is the black and white bear's real version from?
Where are all the chairs setup?
What is he doing?
What is the red item inside the holder?
The number of figures on the TV match the number of members of what band?
What kind of bread is this?
What are the two white people riding the elephant called?
The person wearing what color of shirt officiates the game?
What side dish does the man have with his meal?
Which of this animals body part is trying to grasp food here?
Why is he wearing gloves?
The emblem/mascot of the team of number 16 here is what type of creature?
The woman is controlling her balance by doing what with her legs?
Why is his racquet behind his head?
What kind of beard the man has?
What does the girl hold?
What sound will he make?
What kind of venue is the athlete most likely performing in?
What is number 2 going to do now?
In which country's streets does this bus travel?
What is it called when Hulk Hogan assumes the position the woman is in?
What type of restaurant are the people with normal looking clothing dining at?
What's the name for the parked two-wheeled vehicles?
What profession is the black man in the blue cap on the left?
What type of ship is this?
What country is this in?
Why are the men wearing orange vests?
Why are the people crossing the gate holding umbrellas?
The plastic cups are placed on the top of what kind of object to the right of the fire hydrant?
What is the person on the opposite end preparing to do?
Where is the boy playing?
Why does this person eat so much fruit?
What are the blue coverings on the side windows?
What civilization is this monument replicating?
Persons here are likely attending what type reception?
Why is the man standing at the open door?
What does her earring represent?
What stone lines the flowerbeds?
What type of vehicle is this brand most famous for manufacturing?
What type of people sit on the train?
What is the man in the black ready to do?
What safety feature does the bus use whenever they make a stop?
This traffic light sculpture is located in which European country?
What are the people near the bus doing?
Where does this person seem to prefer reading?
What is the woman in white shirt likely to be doing?
What service is this lady receiving?
What was the original color of most carrots?
What type of party might be held here?
Why is he throwing the item in the air?
In which country is this bus taking on passengers?
Racket is made up of what?
Why do the women have red bags with them?
For what reason were the benches likely sealed off with caution tape?
What type of location is this?
The printer to the right of the laptop utilizes what type of printing technology?
What is on the ceiling?
What does this dog like on the TV?
Which food is the healthiest?
What does the giraffe stick it's neck out for?
What may be the best type of licorice?
What does the white light come from?
What company made the black laptop on the black notebook?
What type of transport is visible here?
Who is famous for doing what these people are doing?
What brand of wipes are on the table?
What activity are these people engaged in?
What device might you find near this appliance?
What animals are present?
What kind of transportation is this?
What would be the most appropriate word for the theme of this room?
What kind of gathering is this?
Where are the candles placed in the room?
This animal is closely related to what other animal?
What type of cake is this?
What method was used to create the picture on the wall?
What color does the owner of the bed wear?
Where does the fringe come from?
What type of wrapper is he putting food in?
What is the area behind this man used for?
Who is the woman to the child in front of her?
Why are there so many televisions?
What traditionally formed the spokes of these types of umbrella?
What weather might be imminent here?
What type of establishment in the background is it?
What is the Blue bag used for?
What is the green item on the tree near the bike?
What is the person engaged in?
In which country is this bus currently driving?
What negative thing is wrong with the soup?
What kind of animal was cooked in order to add the meat on the pizza?
What role is the man on the red helmet?
What does this business do?
Who is the man in the train car?
What type food is advertised here?
Which country is famous for paintings?
Where is this sport most likely taking place?
What would this location be called?
How is doing what the photo taker is doing with their leg considered?
What are they doing with her hair?
In what year did this magazine relaunch?
On which side might people enter the train?
What type of business is shown here?
Driving straight ahead might cause what?
What comic brand owns the franchise depicted here?
What does the item hanging on the wall and closest to the broom look like?
What sport is the father hoping his daughter might like in the future?
What animal loves this food?
What are the men against the wall working on?
What type of situation is this?
What color light do the cars perpendicular to the camera have?
What type of television is on the stand to the left of the laptop?
What is the netting on the canopy for?
What does this train carry?
What black item sits on the floor next to the man?
Where are the bananas being transported to?
What can be done with the cardboard box when done using it?
How does he style his hair?
What doughnut shown in the image appears to be in higher quantities than the rest?
What dessert is on the plates?
What is the occupation of the man wearing a black coat?
What is the relationship of the woman to the man?
Who had an accident?
Where did this airplane originate?
What is the person in the center wearing?
What hour is it?
Why is the man holding his arms out to his sides?
What type of action are the people taking?
What is the business depicted in the photo?
Why is the rider wearing gloves?
Where will they put that food after they are done?
Why are there so many buses?
What sort of beverages will be served here?
What are these people waiting to do?
What did the pair here recently exchange?
What is the article of clothing at the base of the console used for?
What type of shot is the man about to hit?
How was the item prepared that is about to be bitten?
What part of tennis is happening?
Why is he on a horse?
What sort of weather is happening where these people gather?
What is the last word on the train?
Why is the woman holding the bottle?
What is the woman near the 8 St. sign wearing?
Why is he holding the door?
Why is the woman standing in front of the man?
What profession is this man probably in?
What is the relationship of the man to the woman?
What is the silver object on the man's wrist used for?
Which one of these towns is in the region described by the book?
What famous painting can be seen on the wall?
What might the man be attempting to do with the animals?
What is being used to keep the sandwiches from falling apart?
Where would these animals most likely come face to face?
What hotel is in the background behind the policemen and horses?
Which object is most likely the softest?
What might be taking place in the building to the right?
What are the boats made out of?
What is in the bowl by the beef?
Who is riding on the motorcycle?
What animals are present?
What are the black and yellow object on the ground for?
What sandwich does this bus share a name with?
Concave lens is used in which device?
What material is this road made of?
How is this food being prepared?
Where is this game being played?
What is the sweetest food?
What type of attraction seems to be setup in this location?
What type of skate maneuver is the man attempting?
Why is she turned around?
Why are some bottles horizontal?
What types of trees are these?
What kind of building is it on the left?
The word in red means what in English?
What kind of label is on their shirts?
What type of vessels is the white one?
What is the tallest item called here?
What is on the branch?
How many wheels are visible on the vehicle that is front and center?
What is the quickest way to turn off the phone?
Why are the people riding the elephants?
This style of furnishing would be most appropriate for a home in what setting?
The man has what on his head?
What type of drinking vessels are on the bench?
What are the people in the background doing?
What is the woman near the frisbee wearing?
The skateboarder leaping over the skateboards in the park is doing it during which season?
What is this type of ride called?
What is the woman in the white shirt using in her hands?
This retail chain was founded in what country?
What object does the black helmet the batter is wearing protect from?
The people are enjoying an outdoor meal during which season?
What does the dish drainer tell you about this kitchen?
From what kind of building was this picture taken?
How are the kids skating on the ice?
What happened to this brown doll?
What type of lens was used to make the warped picture?
The hat of this figure suggests it is meant to depict what profession?
Where is that non-English language mostly spoken?
A male of this type of animal is called what?
What kitchen cooker is necessary for this treat's preparation?
Why are the clothes on hangers?
What vegetable are on the pizza?
What products are being displayed?
How do the cry look that are closest to the camera?
Why is the man all wet?
What breed of the dog present in the picture?
Upon which vessel might this person go for a ride soon?
What color has two post-its?
What season of the year is it?
Which photo mismatches the theme?
Which person is holding a racket made by an older company?
These activists probably support which movement?
This road is belongs to which country?
What will the lady at the blue table do next?
What are the two boys in front doing?
What is the poster on the back wall about?
What is the woman wearing?
What sports equipment is the man holding?
Where do those who await their turn at bat wait?
What business pays the men in orange here?
The ground that the man is standing on is made of what material?
What is this child likely to do next?
Why is she holding up the item?
If the boy keeps playing this sport whose record can he possibly break?
Which piece of jewelry here would be easier to cut?
What's the boy using to float on the water?
What year was this meme originally founded?
What's the Lord doing?
What do the items in the soup look like?
What artist is famous for the type of artwork that is depicted on the side table?
Who manufactured this laptop?
Who is the man in blue behind the batter?
What is the person with the laptop taking?
What is the building behind the red rail car used for?
Where can a kitchenette be found?
Which fruit is rich in vitamin K?
What role does the man play on the team?
The outfit the child is wearing was famously featured in ads for what company?
What would a vegetarian order from this restaurant?
What type of traffic does this road have?
What type of hat is the woman wearing?
What kind of structure is the animal all the way to the right looking at?
What is clipped to the green pants?
What is the metal cart being used to store?
What problem is being solved here?
What was the original name of this bank?
Where is this room located?
What is the man wearing a helmet?
The young people here are what type players?
What is necessary for the toy to be played with properly?
What are people filming and taking pictures of?
What kind of sauce is in the jar?
What is the symbol on the red shirt symbolize?
Why are the people standing together on the platform most likely in the area?
What are the two boys doing?
The first digit of the number that is clipped to the ear is included in what number?
What is this person preparing for?
What covering is featured in the bowed item?
Where do these people stand?
What is the device on the floor under the desk near the wall?
In which country is the city mentioned here located?
What kind of food place did the men most likely buy food from?
Where does this bus stop here?
What part of the meal is being eaten?
The two cats by the window are looking down at which outdoor part of the residence?
What kind of trick is done with the thing the man in red is standing on?
The person in the green shirt is most likely to be what?
What time is conducive to take the meal above?
What does the door to the left of the window lead to?
Where are kites originally from?
What do the symbols on the top yellow sign look like?
The painting on the white wall is inspired by what continent?
What item does the person here likely make?
What handedness does this batter possess?
What is happening in the middle of the baseball diamond?
Three brown oval items in the door here are from which animal?
What is the fountain currently being used as?
What are these people doing?
What actor is from the state that this batter plays for?
What is this man's profession?
What do the kids need to do next?
What position does this guy have?
How many toes does cats are supposed to have?
What are the people playing in?
What is the white van used for?
What is the woman celebrating with her beads?
Where is the woman sitting?
Why are the people standing behind the yellow line?
What is the contraption on the right used for?
What infrastructure is necessary for the transportation here to move?
Of what use is the small silver lined hole on this device?
Which one of these terms could be used to describe the motorcycle rider?
What would most likely explain why these dogs look similar?
What type of cuisine is being served?
What company name appears?
The man is doing what?
What are the passengers told to wait behind?
What does the man who sits have trouble doing?
How many kind of ships available mostly?
Where is number fifty one running to?
Which food company produces these bananas?
What category of pizzas would this be considered?
What type of death might the Wreath commemorate?
All riders rely on each other to safely ride at the same what?
What type of transportation is this?
What dish is the person assembling these food items to mimic?
What is this type of vehicle at the very front of the image referred to?
How do these planes get their main thrust?
The arm band in the player hand represent which brand?
What is he excited about?
What is the bus driving in?
The batter has dated what celebrity?
Why are the people behind rails?
What type of bikes are these?
Who is the cartoon characters companion on the backpack?
What company is known for making the items on top of the cake?
What do you enter in to this object?
What was this dog bred for?
What type of soccer match is this?
What athlete is this?
What can be purchased in the yellow building?
What is the largest item here?
What is the small brown structure in the back left of the yard?
What could he wear on his head for protection while skateboarding?
What clothes are the people wearing?
What is a common brand of cat food?
What are the white blocks in the soup called?
Why are the bikes covered with junk?
These animals have an impressive what?
What is the man wearing on his head?
What might this umbrella normally be used for?
Where are the people on the bus going?
What is the area code shown in bus?
The fish on the pillow goes by what name?
Who is sitting behind the man in the motorcycle?
What phrase best describes this place?
How was something added to this sign most recently?
What are the women holding?
Where is Coca-Cola's headquarters located?
What type of sport is this?
What style of environment is this?
Where is this lap top set up?
Why are their hands raised?
What type of area is this?
What substance is covering the turf?
How many cats are on pillows?
What do these animals have?
Why does the man seated have his arm up?
What might the red light mean?
What language is mainly spoken here?
What is this red truck for?
What type of station is in view?
How do the women in black know each other?
What is the man in white apron holding to his ear?
What item does the business with banners in front of it sell?
What is the man on the couch doing?
Why is the woman in grey carrying a bag?
What is the name given to the with lines across the road?
Why dies he wear a tie?
What is the man in yellow beneath the front of the plane making?
Where will this pizza be eaten?
Why are they wearing gloves?
What automaker made this truck?
Why is the pink paper there?
What does the number ten indicate?
What's a name for the type of hat the men are wearing?
What happened to the sandwich?
Why do sheep have horns?
Who is the happiest in the picture?
What is the name for animals of this type?
What would soon stop here if there were a power outage?
Which charity is featured on the red banners?
Who is the man sitting in the middle?
Why are the umbrellas in use?
From which position in relation to the pile of rectangular boards did the skateboard start?
Why are the train cars blurred?
What activity does he have the equipment for?
Why do sanitary items comes in white color?
What is the most likely setting in this situation?
Why is the girl blowing on her hand?
How many gaming remotes are likely among the bunch?
How is one person different from the others?
The man is in the midst of what type of timed test of skill?
In what year were blue jeans invented?
What type of surfboard does the woman with the black pants have?
What year did this company merge with another airline?
For what reason are there so many suitcases covering the vehicle most likely?
Which character has been selected?
The person wearing what kind of outfit is acting in an abnormal way?
Why does the man at the back hold the driver?
What kind of ship is the one in the water?
What are the black poles on the front train window?
Where is the dog located at?
The white man is most likely what?
What animal does the pink meat on the dish come from?
What are the metal towers used for?
What is the refrigerator currently being used as?
What item does the young boy snack on here?
Rawlings are the helmets used by whom?
How are these two people related?
What is shown here that could cook a roast for you making it most tender while you are at work so when you return you'll be able to eat it?
What is the name of the safety feature on the front of the bus helps make it visually brighter so no accidents occur?
What food group is available?
At which preparation stage is this pizza?
What is the name given to the purple part of the banana above?
How is the game laying on top of the chess board called?
What state is this photograph based in?
What is the boy on the right touching his feet to?
What flowers might grow wild in this environment?
What does this item by the curb need to run?
What language does the name of this airline derive from?
Who is the man seen in the front of the bus window?
Who got this ball to this place?
Why is the horse wearing this on its face?
Why are the vehicles covered?
What is on the pizza?
What sort of treats does the lady here like?
What piece of equipment is in the window?
What yellow fluid might be paired with this?
Why is everyone posed so ornately?
In which building is this room located?
What do you call a fire place?
Where does the skateboarder hope to land?
The small yellow pieces on the bread are probably what food?
What do these men plan to do here?
Which of the perishables went through a process of fermentation?
How many players in baseball team?
What sort of dining do those in front of the restaurant enjoy?
Which car is in the greatest danger?
What configuration of tennis is being played here?
How many structures that are attached to the orange beam on the middle boat are pointing toward the sky?
What is the nature of the mouse closest to the cat?
What is the sheep in the cage involved in?
What type of fence is shown here?
Who is maneuvering the flying object?
What is built into the cabinet on the left wall?
What's the reaction does the girl express?
What types of events does this truck usually respond to?
What is connecting to all the things in the sky?
How many keys are on a keyboard?
What does the 4 letter acronym on the car relate to?
The device the man is on has the same number of wheels as what vehicle?
Why are the glasses on a rag next to the sink?
What item here has no calories?
How many pictures are hanging on the wall?
What level of expertise have the persons on the left?
The appliance used for multipurpose toasting and grilling is?
What are the all looking at?
Where is this lady situated at?
What are the animals standing on?
What body of water is this?
What is the possible danger that will occur in the scene?
What would you pay for if you went up to the green machine?
What is the man in the apron cooking?
What is the name of this stopping technique?
What do you call the unusual image disturbance seen here?
What does this person prepare for?
Why is the motorcycle rider wearing a red helmet?
What country's citizens are famous for eating this food combination?
What is the speed limit of school bus?
Why might the air they breathe be thinner than normal?
Where will the tennis ball next go?
This water can be described as what?
The people sitting on the couch are competing in what on the television?
For what reason is the buses door open here?
What is the area the people are standing at called?
Why is the man holding up his leg?
As is where does the ball have zero chance of going after he hits it?
What is the woman with a big blue umbrella doing?
What type of board is this?
What kind of trash can the company advertising on yellow sign help with?
What does the guy in black want?
What material are the earrings made of?
What surface are they playing on?
This man likely has origins in what country?
Where would you normally see the blue thing on the dog?
What type of transportation is shown?
What will number 30 do next?
The book was based on a series of what by the author?
What finger is shown on the left side of the photo?
The device in front of the beige car parked on the side of the street can be used for what purpose?
What often goes on top of his food?
Why are there wood planks on the barge?
What is the full name of the building ahead?
How was this type of bike made?
What type of worker sits here?
What activity can you observe here?
What material is the sink made of?
What does the woman appear to be doing outdoors?
Who might they be watching for?
What is most obviously being enacted upon him?
What will these ladies next do with the pizzas?
If this is their natural habitat what continent are they on?
How much did the owner of this bike put into the parking meter here?
What type of dish is this?
What is the gold framed area against the back wall used to hold?
What type of person could be eating the plain looking pizza?
What is he doing?
What are they doing on the bike?
How is this laptop connected to the network at this location?
Which force is likely to be a more sustained one acting on the person here?
This food would best be described as what?
Which type of weather event is most likely to happen immediately after this photo takes place?
Why is the man holding onto a rope?
What should one be good at before one begins to learn this sport?
This animal is most closely related to what other animal?
What is held by the person who sits upon the black seat high behind the horses?
In what session of the day is it?
What does the blue sign with a white arrow mean?
What might ruin the day of people shown here?
What sort of interruption stopped this person?
How many types of ceramics are there?
How much does the combo cost?
Which dairy product is most prominent here?
What are two people on the right going to do next?
What is unusual about their outfits?
What kind of bird are these?
Who are bananas being given out to?
What are the most acidic red wines?
In which direction is this snowboarder moving?
How is the trolley powered?
What is the vegetable in this dish other than the broccoli?
What is her hair most likely wet with?
What field of work is this woman in?
Why are they on top the horses?
To take the bus tire off you would need to remove about how many lug nuts?
What are the orange circles used for?
Where are the people on the truck likely going?
What is the item on the left likely doing?
What are the bird cages made of?
Why is the building for rent?
What are long horn cows called?
What should the bus use to safely move in front of the bicyclist?
What is this yellow bus doing?
What is near the kite?
What is the occupation of this person?
What kind of camera shots is the photographer probably planning to take?
When buying something from the cart shown what would you do soon afterwards?
Where is the party located?
What is the silver object above the mashed potatoes pan used for?
What kind of races does this animal run?
What type of programming is this cat watching?
Why has the skater covered his head?
What kind of street is this?
What type of filling is in the donuts?
What are the thin objects the birds are sitting on?
The street has been cordoned off in celebration of what social cause?
What is the man on the right doing with the object in his hands?
What do these plants need very little of?
What shredded vegetable a favorite of rabbits is on both sandwiches?
What is the white netting shown here normally used for?
In which part of town is this crosswalk?
What is the boy wearing white shorts using to get around?
Why is the man holding plastic bottles?
What's the name for the style of top the man has on?
What is the wooden item here?
What is the most common type of boat in the picture?
What type of signs are shown?
What do the people have in their hands?
The red and white device behind and to the left of the man serves what function?
What type of sugar is on the baked good?
What will passengers use to get across the blue platform?
What country is the scene located at?
What is the purpose of the black structure?
Which bus is more likely to take you somewhere on this street?
What is the traffic light permitting?
Who is the main actress in the movie advertised?
What method was used to produce the beverage seen held here?
What job does the man standing in the street hold?
What is the goal of the persons here regarding the river they stand in?
Where are these small boats being kept?
Which street name is impressed into the sidewalk?
Who owns those laptops?
What is the name for this kind of shirt?
What material is the train constructed from?
What is the woman holding up the phone for?
WHo is the man in blue with the red flower?
What is hanging from the bear's wrist?
What type of sign is shown?
What type of service does this place appear to offer?
During what type of emergency would the white object be used?
Why caused the objects to be scattered all over?
The number on the back of the vehicle is two digits smaller than the name of a show what actress was on?
The number of people here is called what?
What material is the red coat made of?
What are the people doing on the street?
What is the woman doing with the bear?
What is sold at this market?
How many layers should you wear when snowboarding?
What is the young zebra doing?
What animal is painted on the grey wall?
What kind of building is the one with the black sign?
What letters are obscured from the box?
What type of activity are those standing involved in?
What is the man with the striped tie doing with the kite?
What company uses the vehicles parked near the curb?
At least how many musicians play different instruments here?
What outdoor area is the woman sitting in?
What office are the likely at?
Why are there ropes on the statue?
What is in the room?
What is inside the Yahoo Mobile phone?
What do giraffes have in the center of their heads?
Which fruits are the least sweet?
What is the reason for his face being like that?
What are the green markings an example of?
How easy would it be to park on the street at this location?
What beverage does the woman in black drink?
What part of the person's body is showing?
What is the person in white jacket and black pants doing?
What clothing item does the man have most of?
What propels the ball into the air here?
Why is the man on top of the railing?
What kind of payment is needed for an opportunity to ride this machine?
What is seen in the top left corner?
What person had a 1995 documentary made about their life that had the name of this food item in the title?
It's impossible for this to be which one of these countries?
What is holding up the knives?
What are the clear circles on the front of the car made of?
Those objects are meant to hold what?
What does the store sell?
What is she doing?
How are the objects in the water being powered?
What kind of location is the area with grass and trees across from the parking lot?
What word is on the boy to the left's clothing?
What is the woman trying to do?
What was the man doing before he stood up?
Why is the newspaper there?
What can this person do in the state of california?
What time of the day this meal is usually eaten?
What is the person near?
What type of hat does the man wearing jeans have on his head?
Who is the manufacturer of the bus?
What beverage is contained in the glass?
What age class do most people here belong to?
What is a big event in this sport?
What does the headgear of the lady in pink represent?
Why is the man bringing his arms to his chest?
Who stars in the studio/theater marked Late Show?
What kind of action is the boy taking?
What is this dog's owner doing?
Items offered here were cooked inside what?
What just ended here?
How many city buses are likely to travel this route?
Which age range may this cake have been for?
Why is his head covered?
What is on the top shelf?
What is the dog doing on the ground?
What type of shop is this?
What color is he waiting for?
The shade held by the teal umbrella pole was crafted in which manner?
What do these people hope for in the ocean today?
What type of skate maneuver is the boy in white about to perform?
What are the round objects on the boats used for?
What does the water create for the surf boarders to ride on?
What's on the ceiling?
How are the sandwich eggs cooked?
Who use the big umbrellas?
What is the man doing on the bench?
When the first traffic light was invented?
What is the umbrella being used for?
What are the boys using the poles for?
Which female superhero is on the left corner of the desk?
What type cleaning methods might be used here?
What is the woman holding the phone wearing?
What is most likely to make their clothes dirty sometime soon?
When was the beverage brand founded whose name appears on the glass?
How many months before Christmas was this photo taken?
Where is the mouse plugged in?
What does the number on the sign represent?
What sort of sporting event is being practiced here?
What happened to these bananas?
What type of bus is shown?
What are the large pieces of cake supposed to be?
The players are wearing the same shirts because they play in a what?
If you needed stamps here what business might you enter?
Where is the truck?
What does the silver box on top of the cart do?
What is the woman doing with her arm?
Why does the man have a remote strapped to his wrist?
Why is the woman carrying sandals as she is walking?
Why is he smiling?
How many keys does a Wii Remote have?
Why is the skier crouching?
The canopy wing is used for?
Why is the man jumping over the barrier?
In what type building is this located?
What type passengers ride the ghost bus?
Who do the blue signs show accommodations for?
What is the woman's orientation in relation to the cows?
What are the people queueing up for?
Which one of these items might be in one of the bags?
Why are there blue lights on the trees?
By which method could someone theoretically grab stuffed animals here?
What powers this means of transportation?
What does the person in red provide?
What does the weather seem to be like here?
What is the white object on the man's waist used for?
What type of phone is being used here?
What type of vehicles are prohibited from going beyond the pole?
Why is the dog in the back?
What is causing the two to take shelter?
Why are there most likely so many blue canopies?
What is contained inside the brown barrels?
What is closest to the woman?
What time in the morning does this building open to the public?
What is the vegetable the broccoli is being cooked with called?
What country's cities are listed on the information board?
What continent is this road located at?
What does the man standing up have on?
Why is he holding the stuffed animal?
What is the man with the red backpack on the right doing?
What is the string made of?
For what reason is there clear plastic sheeting over the window?
Which object in the room can create the most noise?
What is different about this batter from most batters?
What are the people sitting in the snow doing?
What could potentially impede their vision shortly?
The woman next to the camera has what hair the color of what?
What are the objects which are placed underneath the church pews?
What is the likely hazard that is going to happen?
What number will show up on the screen next?
Upon what does the highest statue sit?
How is the woman serving the food?
What kind of sign is shown?
Where might one of the cars be headed?
What baseball position is the stature commemorating?
Why are they skiing on flat ground?
What setting is this picture taken in?
Which person is in the greatest danger?
What type of area is the woman waiting in?
How might passengers walk from the plane itself to the terminal?
What is the land like in front of the plane?
What do these young people pretend to do?
What is the man doing on the ground?
How many tourists are in this carrier?
How many patriotic motorcycles are there in the image?
What are the women doing over the large containers on the ground?
What should be put in the container behind the baseball bat?
What item is lit up inside the green stand?
What country is associated with the second treat mentioned?
What type of device does the remote to the right of the cell phone operate?
Why is he squinting?
The cylindrical object on the floor is there for what purpose?
Which beverage company spent the most to advertise near here?
In which city are these pedestrians walking?
Who manufactures the game that the stuffed animal is inspired by?
What type of business is the truck for?
What will the person in the air do next?
What do you call women this age?
This bench is located where?
What season is this?
Where is he practicing his sport?
What does the red and white flag represent?
Which fast food restaurant is near the lights?
Do identical twins have 100% the same DNA?
The items the people are staring at are likely made of what?
What type of body of water is located adjacent to the railway tracks?
What facial expression is the man wearing glasses showing?
What type of park is this?
If he has zero points what is it called?
What type of ingredients can we obtain from these fruits?
Who owns these belongings?
What are they doing with the knife?
What brand of car is this?
What flying objects are above the crosswalk?
What is the object plugged into the outlet called?
The board is used for which sport?
What does the switch between the sink and the dishwasher in the kitchen operate?
In what city did this sport debut at the Olympics?
Why is the man pouring liquid into the container?
What type of location is being visited?
What are the boats parked along?
What is the center counter top usually referred to as?
The cat is cozying up to what animal?
This person is playing a similar sport to whom?
Why is the horse handler posing?
How many cars are moving?
What does this person hold in their left hand?
Why is the man not standing?
Someone who eats a lot of these can be said to have what kind of tooth?
What kind of animal is on the top shelf?
Which of the following is an area code for this location?
How many more animals need to be added to all of these to get the number ten?
What type dressing does this man favor?
Which item represents the grain food group?
What are the horned animals on the road?
Which one of these items were added to the pizza without precooking?
The ski lift saves the skiers from a lot of what physical activity?
In which one of these months do people like to eat this fruit?
What is in the capped bottle on the left side of the desk?
What is the capital city of this country?
What super hero logo design is on the woman's watch?
What is horse house called?
What kind of light is shown?
The man riding the motorcycle is involved in what type of public service?
What temperature are the items inside this case?
Why is the man riding being the black animals?
Where are these people located?
How will the people here be getting home?
In which country is this food vendor operating in?
The owner of this motorcycle likely identifies as what ethnicity?
What is the name of this dessert?
Which brand makes similar products to what the girl has on her feet?
What type of sport is this?
The owner of the teddy bear spends his or her time in what type of online game?
What profession do the people on top of the planes belong to?
Who was probably responsible for building the tallest structure?
Why does the man wear different socks?
What is the product of each individual number on the back of the jersey?
The animal has how many legs?
What will the woman do with the ball in her left hand?
What is in the background?
What objects are hanging from the ceiling?
What would you eat if you ate everything in the person's hand?
What is the most likely food item wrapped in sandwich wrapping?
Who is the person wearing a blue shirt?
Why are the three men dressed alike?
What skateboard wheels are best for street?
What kind of environment is the fruit hanging in?
What word is on the ski at the bottom?
During which season is the train traveling over the bridge?
What has been dusted onto the food?
Why are the people standing behind the black netting?
Why is the leaf on top?
Why is the traffic stopped?
Why is the train off the tracks?
What's the number on the bottom of the train that the man is stepping in?
The ball used in badminton is made up of what?
What state is this sponsor's head office located?
What are tarps made of?
What type of horse is this?
Who manufactured this television?
The toppings are primarily from what food group?
What type of food is in the tinfoil?
What has been added to this surfboard?
What might you wear in this sort of weather?
How many green tree in picture?
What type of hat is this woman wearing?
What trade allowed for the surface they are standing on to be inserted?
What type of poster is the girl with the soccer t-shirt carrying?
What is this man's form of employment?
What is the man in the Cherry picker doing?
Why does this person have a bag with them?
What country is this city located in based on the signs?
What type of transportation is this?
What muscle do skater jumps Work?
What is the woman attempting to do with the ball?
What does the hungry girl have on her face?
What is near the laptop?
What are the stanchions meant to control here?
What is the man about to do?
What type of sport is this?
Due to the chemicals and nature of the items on the table what protective gear while working with these items?
Where is the attendant to pump the gas?
Why is she wearing boots?
What type of coat does this horse have?
In which country is this building?
What are the shattered items on the bear?
How many people are on the ramp?
What is the purpose of the black object on the ceiling?
What room is shown in the photo?
What do the clips on the woman's head do for her?
Where does the dog appear to be standing?
What protects some of the papers in the stack from moisture?
What style of paint is on this vehicle?
What time of day is shown here?
Why cricketers wear white?
The cattle shown in the picture belongs to which group of food habitats?
Which Olympics games might this region take place?
The number of women here can appropriately be referred to as what?
What is the horse being used for?
Why is there a bright star-shaped aberration in the middle of the laptop screen?
Where are these bikes located?
What is the name of the container in the background holding coffee?
Why is the man on the board bending his knees?
Where is the bus parked?
What is the building across the street from the orange sign used for?
Who is the man most likely?
How many flavors available in Rock star energy drink?
Where are these refrigerators being used in?
What grain grows near this tennis court?
Why are the vehicles in front of the plane?
What's the purpose of the little sticks?
In What room did the appliance seen here was plugged in last?
Why does the man have a bottle in his backpack?
Transport using skis to glide on snow is called?
The bird on the water has what type feet?
How many legs in this image?
Why does the woman have a huge hat?
In what setting do these people chat?
What does the stick help the man near the elephant do?
What sport can be associated with the above picture?
What is the lampshade made of?
What instrument is the man playing here?
What do people most likely do in the structure?
Where is the sheep located?
What is the original flavor of the beverage?
Where is the van most likely traveling to?
What is a symbol for the word in green letters on the bus?
Why does the player eat banana?
What is the black object attaching the bike to the pole being used as?
What type of dish could this be considered?
What town is this national park based in?
Which instrument here requires electrical current to be audible?
What desert is on the clear glass plate on the left of the laptop?
What water sport will the bike rider most likely do next?
Which is the dominant hand for the batter here?
Which one has better eyesight?
Why is the man midair in the middle of the steps?
What form of travel is this pass intended for?
What do the meters display?
In which country does this bus drive?
How do these people know each other?
What material is the flooring?
What sport other that the ball's proper sport does the ball look closest to belonging to?
What is the man poking at here?
What will be poured over the item in the box?
What is the bus primarily used for?
What type of animals are present?
What phenomenon happened most recently here?
What do the kids want to do with the ball?
Who decides if the pitch was good or bad?
What are the metal things at the top left supposed to hold?
What is the cat's paw near?
What is on top of the counter?
What industry have these animals traditionally helped humans in?
What would be the major taste biting into the bottom right donut?
Who controls the channels on this TV?
What age is the person being feted here?
Where did the water on the ground come from?
Which lens used in side mirror of the car?
What activity does the posted sign advise is not allowed?
What vehicles are near the curb?
Who captains the team of the jersey in red?
What type of parking is available here?
What king of game are the people above playing?
Why are the women filling the table with plates?
What color is the boat closest to the person taking the photo?
The man holding something is likely to develop what ailment?
Besides the ground what hard surface are the spectators sitting on?
What kind of sight do the glasses worn by the tie fixer correct for?
What is on the wall directly above the bigger monitor?
What is in the sandwich?
What is on the wall to the left?
Which location does the woman most likely rest in?
The structures enclosing the blue benches are constructed from which wood?
Why is the truck not moving?
Why is the animal facing the tree?
What is one of the stops for this bus?
Why are the people on the elephant?
What sport is the woman playing?
These people are most likely where?
What sort of life does this man advocate for?
What is she doing?
What is the man wearing?
What is the person skiing on?
What will the woman drink with her pizza?
What do the women here find most interesting?
What energy powers the blender?
What is used for the bear's eye?
Which towel has been used recently for a shower?
Why has he stopped?
Where is the cat staring to?
What is the name of this palace?
When the people ski here what will the dogs do?
Why is she holding the umbrella?
What electric device are the two kids intently focused upon?
What activity goes on in the chair on the platform?
About how much liquid is in the bottle with the green label?
Where are the beds that the boys are lying on?
What type of transportation is this?
Persons traveling on this street in this direction may turn which way now?
The dough prepared for pizza by which flour?
How can the candles be extinguished?
What word is on the side of the truck?
What type dung is most visible here?
How did these grooves get set in snow?
What is the sign discouraging during certain hours?
Which person wore the apparatus the girl has on her face?
What kind of snow SLED the man have in the image?
What power allows the man to to airborne?
Why does the woman have the dog on a leash?
What pastry could be made with these?
How long ago did the gardener most likely harvest the produce?
How many varieties of DVD discs are used as storage device?
Elephant like craft has done with the use of which vegetable?
What is the painting on the wall?
What type of Danish is in the middle of the other two?
The person on the tv is of what ethnicity?
What type of text sign is shown?
What session of the day is it shown here?
Who is the same gender as this person?
What move has the player just made?
The footwear the woman with the umbrella has on is suitable for what place?
What pattern is the fir on the animal's head?
What are bricks mostly made of?
Sundancer is which direction?
What describes the situation most accurately about the closest plate?
What move is this kid making?
Another is being added to the cake?
What do skis leave behind in the snow after every movement?
What is the green/yellow item on the right?
What except for a flag are the highest emanations coming from here?
What type of event is this?
The fruit shown contains a high level of what?
Who created the works seen here?
What is the original color of the baked beans in the dish?
What sort of event is going on in this area?
What vehicles are most of the people riding on?
Why is the man in the background standing there?
What large substance will the youngest child be ingesting?
What are the animals closest to?
What form of vintage media do the people in the living room enjoy?
What does the man in brown listen to?
Encouraging what American Ice cream treat is an obvious choice for these vendors?
What Disney character can be seen in the sky?
Which object is most likely getting shot?
What food is the green item on the plate?
Why would someone come to this location?
Which country houses the headquarter of the brand company manufacturing the man's shirt?
What might the bird eat in this setting?
What incident is happening in the scene?
What language are most words on the banana written in?
Whose glove will next touch the ball?
What are the zebras doing?
What is this animal about to do?
What came in all those colored boxes?
What kind of road is this one?
What is inside of the horse sculpture?
What does the boy in grey pants want to do with the ball?
Where does porcelain originally come from?
What does the store seen in the window sell?
Which surfer put the others on this board?
What flavors the item on the brush?
In which lane does the skateboarder travel here?
What style meal is being prepared here?
How has this lunch been arranged?
What time does the analog clock read?
What language is found on the newspaper?
What is the silver appliance near the window used to make?
What is the black hat the man is wearing called?
What is the bird standing above?
What kind of dog is laying on the carpet?
What sort of event brings a smile to this child's face today?
What is one name for the type of headwear the woman is wearing?
How many airplanes do you see?
What is in the silver bowl?
What is coming from the top of the vehicle?
What sort of wax item might be on a dessert enjoyed by the person sitting by the balloons today?
What is taking off?
What is the black strap hanging from the bench called?
What are modern tents made of?
Which ocean shares a name with this airline?
What might those houses smell constantly?
What does the man with his picture in the box pretend he is on?
What is the green on the bricks on the ground?
What are the purplish veggies in the sandwich?
The walls are most likely covered in what material?
What type of shot is the boy about to hit?
Why do the girls have matching bracelets?
What is in the room?
Which color shirt does the person flying the kite wear?
What is the job of these people?
What is the woman standing in front of?
What is the color of dates?
What time of day is depicted here?
Why are the two wearing sunglasses?
What is the man doing on the rail?
What color are the boards at the back of the truck?
On which plant does the vegetable that is reddest here grow?
What does the man in green hold?
Judging by the time of day where is the skier probably going?
What is the rear part of a skateboard commonly called?
What are the large mechanical device on the back of the boats do?
What man made feature should be definitely avoided when engaging in this sport?
Which jockey is ahead?
What is the dog wearing?
What is this skateboarding feature?
How many berry variety fruits are there?
What is on the food?
What countries flag is on the person's visor?
How many giraffes are interacting with the man?
What meal was this?
What is the young child using the object in his hand to do?
Why is the woman using an umbrella?
What do these trains carry?
What adds stability to the skier seen here?
What is this device used for?
What kind of company set up the thing with a clock?
What instrument is shown in the picture?
How many giraffes can you see?
Which boat is most visible from the shoreline?
What abnormality does the man on the right have?
The man all the way to the right looks most like he would belong on what show?
Why are they both on the same side of the net?
What mph would officially be speeding in this area?
What might she be telling him to do?
Where is this cat located?
What year did the founder start making these snowboards?
What is the large white object behind the seat of the scooter used for?
What sort of sports jersey is the person in red wearing?
What will this person do next?
How might many who listen to this speaker hear his message?
What is the sport these two players are engaged in?
What is inside the small rectangular objects covered in gold foil?
What flavor are these donuts?
Why is she holding the racquet like that?
What type of car is parked closest in view?
What is this type of baby animal callled?
What does the symbol on the left building stand for?
What type of baseball is being played?
What is near the airplane?
Where does baseball come from?
What is the ancestral animal of the animal represented here?
What type of vehicle driving on this road could result in a traffic ticket?
What is this type of transportation called?
The first number on the license plate can be described as what?
What white item is atop the greens that sit atop the pizza?
What type of bread might uniquely be available near this stadium?
What are the elephants moving through?
What is happening to the sheep?
What do the animals need to do?
These people are most likely where?
In which state was the skateboard invented?
What is the man in the white shirt staring at?
What are the people doing?
What type of sink is this child using?
Why is the skateboard in the air?
What animal has similar things on their head to these animals?
What material is the backpack made of?
Where did the tennis racket come from?
What movie is Tom Cruise starring in?
What number is closest to the number at the top of the bus?
What danger is the man likely to face?
What electronics retailer is present in this commercial space?
Why are there five displays on the desk?
Which weather phenomenon is likely to be most frustrating to people seen here at this place?
What are the glass shelves on the left used for?
Which mammal will disturb more species with it's movement?
What was in the glasses before?
What ingredient in the food from the oven provides the most calcium?
Why are the young elephants behind the wooden posts?
In which setting is the bus travelling?
What is inside the white cups of the people?
What is this player about to do?
A large herbaceous flowering plant is what?
Where is the woman in?
Where will this basket item be ridden?
Which is a specific breed of the animal of the table?
The floor of the bathroom is made of what material?
How many people use this bathroom?
What type of facility is displaying the animal head?
What act of sportsmanship is about to occur?
What is the name of this game?
What is the desk behind the cat used for?
What position does the boy in blue most probably fulfil?
What is he doing?
This board is used for what sport?
Where does cauliflower come from?
What side is served along with this meal in addition to the steak mushrooms and green beans?
What mode of transport is displayed on the above image?
What is this boy about to do?
Why are the animals crowded around the bucket?
Why does the animal on the right have its head to the ground?
Why has he covered his head?
What material is used to make the stick on the woman's shoulder?
Where might this child be located?
What move is the tennis player adopting?
Where is the train from?
What word is on the sign?
What is the bus doing?
What is most likely hiding inside the shoes closest to the camera?
What kind of sport it is?
The speaker at the bottom of the left desk is optimized to produce what type of sound frequency?
What are the horses standing on?
Why are there slats in the fence behind the fire hydrant?
The bumpy yellow tile behind the stop sign is part of what infrastructure feature?
For what do people seated here wait?
Why is he standing on his hands?
Gestation period of the cat is what?
What is being used to maintain the steam engine's momentum?
How do these people know each other?
What is the maximum number of players who can play simultaneously in this image?
Upon which type of moving thing would you normally expect to see someone dressed like the skateboarder?
Why is the child in the workspace?
What do the stains on the middle top metal thing come from?
Why are the remotes strapped to their wrists?
What people does the bus drive around?
The food that was probably recently consumed was of what variety?
In what style park does the skateboarder skate?
What is the woman receiving on the stage?
Why are the vehicles on the boat?
How many people are waiting to do the activity?
What sort of fuel does the driving mechanism for moving the train use?
What other sports might one play here?
What shape is the object used to play this game?
What kind of birds are most clearly visible here?
What are the little specks on the bun?
What country is this?
What are the metal shapes attached to the front of the horse's breast collar?
What is the man doing to the horse's tail?
What is the white on the grass near the penguins?
What is the brown areas on the barrels?
What type of event is being held?
How is this woman preventing grass stains?
Why are they all looking at the train?
What type of food is shown?
What are the people turning to look at?
What's the name of the green holder the man's can is in?
Why is plastic used to cover plants?
Where is the silver plane on the right being stored?
What is number fifteen doing on the field?
What move is this male player using?
What shape is the kite to the left?
Which major US city does this train line service?
Why are the nearby pedestrians blurry?
What are they doing under the canopy?
Which animal is most threatened here?
The man closest to the right has what kind of pants on?
Why does the photographer cast a shadow?
What sort of product is in Glass spiral container?
What is the red object on the ground capable of?
What type business is the white sign advertising?
What is this animal referred to as?
What is the old man doing?
What are the terms referring to?
What are the people ready to do?
What might this knife here cut into?
What is provided by this object?
What is the man that is playing video games wearing?
What sort of job is the man standing in yellow doing?
In what year was the tv station seen here founded?
Who is in danger of being struc?
What is the dog lying on?
What type of footwear is the boy wearing?
What is the appliance in this room used for?
What is the man in the water doing?
What color stripe is on the ball underneath the chain link fence?
Why would someone sit at this table?
What is slowly melting from the inside of this cake?
What country is this vehicle licensed?
What is the batter waiting for?
What is the woman's occupation?
Why is one car such a bright unusual color?
What company makes the item the man is looking at?
Originally what was the glass booth designed for?
What does this person use the umbrella for?
What does the store with the green sign sell?
Why are all these people in midair?
What transmits electrical energy to the locomotive here?
What kind of room is this?
Who is the man crouched behind the catcher?
What are the two walking along?
What water sport is the object the man is holding used in?
This wall hanging would be most likely seen in what kind of building?
What carbonated drink is in the green case on the right?
What type area is visible here?
What interest is shared by those seated here?
Why might the clothing be hung up in a row?
Who is the man in red trying to reach?
Where the the women playing soccer?
What are is this woman doing?
What does the number 84 represent?
What is creating the image on the screen?
What is likely the most valuable object shown?
What are these vehicles commonly used for?
For which emergency is this item utilized?
What kind of headwear is she wearing?
Where is the street Aldwych located?
Who supplied her tennis racket?
What color is the light all the way to the left?
What grooming was recently done to this animal?
Where is this tournament based?
What type soup is being served?
What does the animal closest to the window like to eat?
How many people must be over the legal drinking age in this jurisdiction?
What sort of game is played here?
What fun can be had on the blue and white item shown here?
What is the pattern on the drapes?
What is on the plate?
If these men stole the items behind them what would they be called?
Where is this group located?
What minerals are rich in banana?
What is on the back of the motorcycle?
In which city is this fire plug?
Where is this game being played?
What country is shown here?
Which country do bananas originate from?
For what purpose are the items hanging on the lines on the upper levels?
What is this little girl trying to do?
Which one of these processes produced the spread here?
The motorbikes on this bustling city street are present in which country?
What is the black rectangular object in front of the blue boat?
What is the main problem of the man wearing brown pants?
Skateboard is made of what wood?
Which handedness does this player possess?
What is the guy wearing a black hat doing?
What's the purpose of the colorful banners in the outfield?
What is touching the skateboard?
The item near the table that is a gray color can fit approximately how many people?
What are the cranes being used for?
What area is this photo least likely to be in?
In which lane does the person in the black helmet ride?
Why are there wooden planks?
When does the Pompeii exhibit end?
What purpose does the metal around lower part of obelisk serve?
What is the green leafy item used in this salad?
What turn is forbidden?
What is the breed of this dog?
Who do the umbrellas belong to?
What does the object on the ground need to perform its actions?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What type traffic is permitted here now?
Where was tennis first invented?
The surfers are in the water waiting for to form so they can ride?
What are the two elderly people holding their hands above?
The woman shown here expresses what?
What type of phone is she using?
What is the guy in blue doing while playing wii that is different from the guy in red?
What is held by the person this ball is pitched to?
Why is his tongue out?
What does this traffic lights mean?
What are the children about to do?
Why are the stripes on the man's backpack illuminated?
What do those gathered look at here?
Where are these colorful objects usually found?
What article of clothing are they wearing that is usually removed when entering a home?
What is the plane on?
Where can the people potentially sleep?
What shouldn't you climb onto here?
What attire is the person standing behind the horse in front of the red rope wearing?
World Skate is highest governing body of which game?
What is the brown on the man's board?
Who usually hangs out here?
What could the women be cooking on the stove?
Where is this man located?
What is the large green sculpture made up of?
In which country does the woman ride?
What are the small candles on the table called?
Which automotive manufacturer made the jeep?
What is the name of the person making making this thread fruit designs?
What sort of cuisine is the diner enjoying?
Which celebrity rides the kind of vehicle that is behind the car?
What kind of building is the bear in?
What is the most common tennis racquet string material?
What is the type of garment that the woman in blue is wearing?
What type of kitchen is this?
Why is the black vehicle stopped near the curb?
Where will the skateboarder go?
Who are the two people?
What kind of game is this?
Through what kind of area is he leading the donkey?
Why are the people wearing bright yellow hats?
The man about to catch the frisbee wears what color of shirt?
How is this vessel being propelled?
Where are repairs taking place here?
What is in the open baggage?
How is the engine on the red motorcycle cooled?
What is the status of the horse?
What is the greatest existential threat to these great animals?
What is rented for family enjoyment?
What is the weather like on this day?
Where are the men located?
How are people being transported here?
What have these children likely practiced?
What are the people who watch the frisbee player doing?
The person who lives here and owns this entertainment area is likely at least how old?
What is the purpose of the white furry object?
What do the cars do?
How many degrees of vision does the cat has?
How will these people get down from this location?
What is there a lot of here?
What is the man on the board doing on the ledge?
Using the long handled pan shown is handy in what situation of cooking?
How many of the ingredients on the dish were cooked by steaming them?
Why are the women collecting food in baskets?
What shop is shown in the background?
What is in the glass?
How long has this train been sitting here?
What period of the day is shown here?
What hour does the clock behind the man show?
What is the man engaging in?
What do people under the umbrellas here do?
If the ball came this way what would stop it?
What is the main cargo carried by the green train engine?
Why are they near the middle of the track?
Which kind of relationship is this cake typically designed for?
What is the cow entered into?
What powers the green section of train shown?
What type toys unite these people today?
Who cowrote this book with Tom Clancy?
What is the term for how the carrot has been prepared?
What items can you find inside all the items displayed on the table?
In which country does this woman walk?
What illness does the woman in red shirt have?
Kite festivals and kite designs are mostly popular in which country?
What is between the bananas?
What animals are present?
What is the purpose of the black device they are on?
What word most closely relates to the red and green things very close to the lady?
What type of trains are shown here?
What artist is associated with the flowers on the bed?
In what kind of store are these toilets and bathtubs displayed?
What is in front of the man in the foreground?
What are the males called?
From which type fruit are juices available here?
What energy powers this yellow duck?
How many functional keys in keyboard?
What animals are laying in front of the women?
What is the name of the fenced off area for these horses?
What kitchen appliance is he moving?
The game on the television on the wall is being run by which game system?
What country is this?
What is the blue bin on the left for?
Sam Walton is a founder of what?
What would prevent the lighter cows from visited the darker cows?
Who is known for using the items on top of this vehicle?
What is the shape of kite in the image?
Why is the man with his back turned bent over?
What country is this venue located in?
What is one of the biggest risks in this environment?
What style of boats are there on the water?
Which course are the people on the lift probably being brought to?
Which device is likely more powerful?
What US state is this lady likely to live in?
What reason is the glass structure placed here?
What do the things in the foreground usually wear on their feet?
What type of hat does the man on the right have on?
What will be happening here in the very near future?
For whom was this concrete structure made?
What item is needed to get the food in the machine?
For what reason must the cyclists stop here?
What type of snack is on the desk?
What is the largest pizza on top of?
What material is the small white cup next to the mouthwash bottle made out of?
Why is he standing in the middle of the street?
What might be used to make something like this go?
The Harley police bikes are iconic bikes of police force in?
What type of meat is being consumed?
What is the red object in the food the man is eating?
What game are they playing?
What kind of bus is the white vehicle?
What is the name of the platform used to walk out on the water?
The vehicle used to tow here is meant to be used where normally?
How will the people here get back down?
What is causing the white smoke on the right?
What is number 1's first name?
During which season is this person waiting at the bus stop?
Where might these sleeping quarters be located?
What meal is being served?
What is the purpose of this vehicle?
Where is the loudest sound coming from?
In which type sales shop do these kids stand?
What is the center piece of the room?
What type of lot is this?
What food is shown in the boats?
What type of road are the small motorcycles created for?
Why are flowers in the vase?
Which advertiser is a watch company?
What type of shot is being taken here?
What type of coat does the sleeping cat have?
What is needed for this sport?
How are the objects in the sky controlled?
In what department does this man stand?
What is the type of vehicle the people are riding?
What street do these people wait on?
What can these animals get to that a dog could not?
What is the top level of the buses used for?
These animals belong to what family?
What sort of business do these chairs belong to?
How old is this beverage maker?
What style of vehicle is the taxi cab?
What is a person doing behind the shades?
In what country is this street found?
What time is it here?
The space is most likely holding what?
What are cows without horns?
What sort of institution is shown here?
What is this type of snowboard trick called?
What base is the nearest blue shirted person close to?
What is the man in the beanie using the black device to do?
What are they doing?
What is this train built for?
Which food is usually eaten by athletes after running?
Why are there candles in the cake in front of the woman?
Why are they so far apart?
Which letter of the book's title appears to be written in with marker?
What are these types of birds called?
What is the cat climbing through?
What activity is this man taking part in?
What is the last letter of the name that appears on the plane?
In which type setting is this ball park?
What is the purpose of the dog's jacket?
What muscle will the aerobics machine stimulate the most?
What type of sports enthusiasts begin their run at the topmost buildings?
What are the men sitting on?
What annual event is the company famous for?
What are the people in blue wearing?
This city's name comes from a Native American word for what?
What is the black device next to the lamp on the end table called?
What type of area is this?
What is this lady about to do?
What is the pipe used for in the bottom left corner of the picture?
Which player are they looking at?
Which bowls location is most likely to have more items dipped inside it?
Which vehicle might transport the largest group of people?
Why is the woman using an umbrella?
What beverage is laying to the right of the skateboard?
What are the hexagons near the shoreline made of?
What animal has been prepared for consumption?
What are the people going to do in the wooden object?
What is the computer sitting on?
What is the closest major city from this outdoor area?
What type of sign is on the pole?
What number is the little hand on the clock closest to?
Where does this scene take place?
What is a special feature of his glasses?
What is the owner giving his dog?
Why is the desk by the window?
What number does the team mate of 14 wear?
What does the sign say the company buys?
What is the man doing in the small white building?
What impairs sight here?
What period of the day is it in the photo?
What is the electro locomotive for this train?
Why are the cars lined up along the sidewalk?
What is located directly on top of the desk and is generating light?
What are the umbrellas being used for?
Where was skateboarding invented?
What continent do these animals naturally live on?
What is the gray things holding the carrot?
What business are these vehicles in?
What word is included in the name that is found on the bottom of the label in red?
Where is this room located?
What NHL team does this man like?
Where should the heavier person sleep?
Which colored jacket does the person have on who is looking away from the camera?
By what power does the train here move?
What is on the item the person is holding?
What are the vehicles in the left lane attempting to do?
What is the man pushing the cart doing here?
What is the white kite shaped like?
What is the old man watching?
Who is the woman below the jet?
What is the person trying to shield their laptop from?
What color is the person wearing who caught the wave best?
What action is he about to take?
Which shirt color does player wants to take over control of the soccer ball from the person near it wear?
What type of store is this?
What is the weather like in this location?
What are the zebras doing?
What are the occupation of the people featured in the advertisement?
Where are the spoons compared to the stove?
How many feet away from the red item should one park?
Where is the lady sitting in?
Why is the dessert different colors?
What type of parking is required at this meter?
These buses are moved by what fuel?
What type of vehicle are the helmeted people riding?
What is this motorcycle likely part of?
Who would likely serve you here?
This event is most likely from what historical period?
Why is the man wearing an orange vest?
What is this constellation often called in English?
What does the tall thin thing next to the train do at night?
The side dish visible here is seen to contain what?
What is the yellow item?
Which place was this?
What is causing the image on the television screen?
What is the most popular kite shape?
What are the zebras doing?
Which individual pieces of candy can be seen on the cake?
The kitchen adheres to the electrical standards set in which region?
What are the glowing lights in the image?
What the work of the ight on top of the vehicles?
What are the wheels of the skateboard touching?
What keeps control of the black and white airborne item?
What direction do you want to travel generally to enjoy this activity?
What is the relationship of the man to the woman?
Why is there a train here?
What color is the end of the man's keychain?
What is the relationship of the man to the woman?
Why does the person with the green shirt have no food?
What other animal could help here?
Why is the door of the train 8343 open?
Where is the man trying to hit the ball?
Who is the road for?
What is the brand symbol in racket?
Where is the board the man will use located?
What does the horse and rider compete in here?
Where are they located?
What is the purpose of the colorful bag?
How many of the people are kneeling near the floor?
What airline is advertised on the train?
What animals are present in the image?
When does this take place?
What should beginners do when approaching this area?
What are the green veggies in the bowl called?
What animal is in the team logo?
What does this door lead to?
What did the man do with the bat?
Why is he leaning over?
Where does the baseball team mentioned hail from?
Why is woman using an umbrella?
The greenish aspect of this meal comes from what?
What equipment/ item does the person seen here like to look at while relaxing in bed?
Who is in the greatest danger?
How would they get to the top of this hill?
What company makes the item on the left?
What type of shower head is in the background?
Who is on the boat?
What animals are in the photo?
The meat shown here was grown in what medium?
What drink brand is seen on the chairs?
From what do most of the items sold here come from?
Why are the pillars green?
What are the people doing in the street on the right?
What is this bus for?
What does the umbrella keep out here?
What kind of shoes does the catcher have on?
Where was this food placed during cooking?
Why does the boy have his arm out?
What main dish is served here?
What does the word out refer to in her case?
What is illuminating the cat and the table?
What street is marked by the traffic light?
What action is he taking?
In which city is this car driving?
What is the profession of this man?
What do the girls steering wheels control?
What kind of violence is it?
What does the hair cap prevent?
How do those in the audience here feel about the speaker?
What is the yellow stuff made from?
How many girls are playing the game?
What do people do inside the building with the spire on it?
The store of what US company is found in this street?
How many dimensions in traffic light?
Where is the woman sitting in?
Who is the young man near the tennis player?
What is the object to the left of the laptop?
Which animal can you see in the above picture?
The place where these ships are docked is known as?
Why is the person in the red shirt holding their hand out?
What sport it is?
What kind of location is this?
What might this person be photographing?
What is the size of TV?
What causes separation from the land mass in the background and the location of the elephants?
Which object would be most useful if there was a rainstorm?
What drug will be ingested momentarily?
Whose chair is the woman seated on at the beach?
Of conveyances seen here how many does the ones with the most wheels have?
What zone is shown in the photo?
What type of surface does the blue vehicle run on?
What unit of measurement is the tower used for?
In which type space does this man spin his frisbee?
What is this person practicing?
What country is the scene in?
This bus is transporting passengers in which geographic region?
Where are these people located?
While being kissed what does the woman do?
Who is the name of the biblical character whose husband is referenced on the ski lift?
What can be found underneath the pot being stirred?
What does the red sign with a minus symbol on it usually mean?
What is the man wearing white shirt waiting for?
What style of sunglasses does the man holding the bun have on?
What type of vehicle is the man in the gray hat riding?
What time of year is it in this household gathering?
These animals are in an area that looks like it is what?
What type of building are they walking towards?
What could this intersection be called instead of all way?
Which area of the house is this?
What street intersects Rhode Island Avenue?
What fairly important item is missing from this child?
What sound will the occupants on the apartments hear through their windows?
What food category is this object in?
What outdoor activity has the man taken a break from?
The child here is ready for which weather?
What type of area is this?
What will they serve to drink?
What does the person in the white hat power?
Where are people enjoying their pizza?
What color is the canopy?
How many people are likely enjoying the dessert?
Where is this person playing?
Why is the man's coat yellow in color?
How might this person easily look up the phone number for a taxi?
Why is the man holding up an orange object?
What type of exhibition is this?
Why are they here?
What venue is this place?
What is sometimes substituted for the item the woman is holding?
What is knocked over?
In what decade were these reflective ceiling decorations first used?
What kind of seafood did they most likely eat at the restaurant?
What will the train do next?
The men holding instruments are wearing uniforms that resemble the colors of what police force?
What is the person wearing the blue coat about to do?
What is the window covering called?
Why are the horses behind a fence?
Why is the plane so small?
What is this country?
What are the signs for?
What caused the dark stains on the container?
The man in the vest and blue jeans looks like he could be a member of what group?
What is the relationship between the two men sitting on the bench in this situation?
Where is this elephant standing?
Where was this man very recently?
What country invented the type of bread used on this sandwich?
What kind of area is shown?
The giraffes are made of what kind of fabric?
How many German Shepherds shown in the image?
How hot is the air from a hair dryer?
The multiple markings in front of the hydrant on the asphalt alert drivers to what item?
What material is the floor made of?
What liquid have they been given for breakfast?
The animals shown here give birth to what?
Who has the same color hair as the child on the left?
When working in the environment which procedure is most important?
Which color is the safest to wear to help stand out?
Why is the room so small?
What did the motorcycle near the crosswalk just do?
What is the hair on the side of the man's cheek called?
What kind of accessory should the woman wear?
What do people use who enter the building shown here?
What type of cubed cheese is in the salad?
What sport are they playing?
What is the name of this sandwich?
What breed dog it is?
What country is this?
What setting is this sidewalk in?
What is the longest word on the signs?
Which cake character figure is in most danger?
What sort of environment is this vehicle parked in?
Why are the dogs on leashes?
The man uses his body to stay on top of the elephant by squeezing his?
What is the player in red doing?
What type of golden brown rolls are these?
The truck is traveling on the railroad tracks for what reason?
Which person can get to the bottom of the hill first?
What is the most likely floor level for this room?
Which section of the car is the cat by the window sitting at?
Which one of these brands manufactures items like the ones in the blue box?
What game brand is sponsoring this facility?
What are the people going to take?
Which brothers originally invented this flying device?
Where is the man on the bench sitting?
Red on this bears face comes from it's what?
What landscape is this location?
What is this appliance for?
What are these two celebrating?
What is behind the cow?
What is sitting on the dresser?
Where is this bathroom located?
What will happen to the train after people board it?
What office equipment is on the shelf?
What is the spiciest item one could place on their hotdog shown here?
Why do kites have tails?
What is wrapped around his wrist?
What type of socks is the woman pushing the stroller wearing?
What kind of vehicle is shown here?
Which painter often painted this style of image?
What does the woman refer to here?
What dressing is the white thing likely to be?
Which of these colors are the double lines on the street most likely to be?
What colors are the largest kite?
This fine pale ale malt is made from?
What is the green substance near the shoreline?
What is the person in red trying to accomplish?
What does the pitcher here cause the batter to do?
What type of location would this activity be found at?
Where is the bus located?
What is the kite shaped like?
What is likely sold here?
Where is this giraffe located?
For what purpose are all the suitcases organized here?
The woman here considers the flavor of what?
Why is he in the air above the skateboard?
From which plants was the food eaten here harvested?
What does this person want to do?
Who is this room meant for?
What is the blue bowl behind the dog used for?
What animal does the cat see on TV?
The boy is most likely doing what?
What can possibly happen next in this scene?
What is the cameraman sitting on?
This animal is featured in what movie?
What is on the building?
What type of surf is the man carrying?
Why is the skateboarder on the wall as opposed to being on the ground?
What type of pants does the boy in the blue shirt have on?
Why are three people on the bike?
Why would someone sit at this table?
Where do the train tracks that the train here sits on lead to?
What kind of an area is this?
In what environment are the Jeep and bus travelling?
What is surrounding the cake?
What number president is the white building dedicated to?
Which oven counting from the top is best for baking a raw pizza?
What countries flag can be seen as a patch on the man's uniform?
What are the two standing rectangular devices?
What emotion are the woman exhibiting?
How many laptops do you see?
What does this building house?
If the skateboard kept this orientation how would his landing be?
What is he looking at?
What service is available when riding this bus?
How many players are on this tennis court?
What is this game likely to involve?
What position is played by the person with the ball?
How is the ramp able to go up and down?
What surface is this woman playing on?
Where do palm trees come from?
What activity is the horse shown here taking part in?
What type of area is this?
The item on the left is most likely sold in what?
How many people can this room accommodate?
What event might be about to occur here?
What animals are near the fence?
What can be seen by looking through the clock?
If the camera man moved a little to the right what would most readily run into them?
Beta carotenoid is the reason for what quality of broccoli flower?
Where is this desk setup?
Who is the trainer?
Where is the rice planted?
Why is the man wearing a shirt with patches on it?
Why drag the yellow object around?
What is the purpose of the large sign?
Who is famous for using the vehicle in the black and white photo?
What kind of lettuce is used in this dish?
What is the man in the yellow shirt standing in the door of?
Who most likely sleeps here?
Why do they have their phones out?
What is the woman holding?
What type of display technology does the television on top of the entertainment center utilize?
What are the people assembled around?
Where is the man playing?
What item in the room would glow in the dark?
Where else would his hand held tool be somewhat suitable?
What does the man in blue chain?
What is the bus parked on?
What do the items in the center appear to be made of?
What is the man holding?
Where are these people probably waiting to catch a bus?
What is in the street?
What does this store sell?
What type of oil is shown?
Why are the men reaching forward while on skis?
What type of light do electronic screens emit?
Which skier is at most risk of getting hit against the blue wall?
What font is used in Apple logo?
What material are the brown boots made of?
At what kind of landmark are these people at?
What kind of organization is the white square sticker featuring in the motorcycle?
In what country is this river in?
The man in blue wants to do what to the frisbee holder?
What grain is featured in the bread shown here?
Why is his mouth wide open?
What is the name of this woman's jewelry?
Which person controls the elephant?
What will this person do here overnight?
For what purpose are tires on the side of the boat?
Why is the man under the yellow and purple umbrella laying down?
The traffic light in this intersection is operating during which season?
How was the drawing on his shoulder made?
What is in the center?
What is the bus doing near the sidewalk?
What ingredients are on the pizza?
What is the white trail behind the plane called?
Why is there a rope around this statue?
What could be found beneath the grates in the street here?
At which location does the child hold the tree?
The sporting event taking place on the grounds is most likely which one?
What type of group does this seem to be?
What kind of throw is that called?
What animals are present?
What is being done behind the glass showcase?
What is the model of phone?
How is the black bicycle able to stand on its own?
What type of area is nearby?
Which rider is in the best position to win?
What is the tallest item here?
What is in the cup with liquid?
What is in the green container?
Where is the person who is going to be riding the 4th bike right now?
How many 'points' are required to win a round in this sport?
Which one of these cheeses is rarely seen on this dish?
What are the motorcycles riding on?
What appliance can be found beneath the Microwave?
What month is it here?
Which country headquarters the brand company of this man's shoes?
If you lost your cell phone where could you make a call anyway?
The human-shaped decorations are made of what material?
What famous museum is near this?
If tiny pieces were found in the glass one would assume they are what?
What is the rabbit doing on the plate?
What animal is the man in the hat carrying?
What kind of service is this?
Where does tennis come from?
How many players can play?
Where are these people most likely traveling?
Where is this bike displayed?
What material is the suitcase made of?
What would the food in the containers be used with the sausage to make?
Why are the bike riders wearing yellow?
This play is most likely what?
What is located near this area?
Which food is rich in vitamin A?
How many people ride this one motorcycle?
What are the crowds at the banks along the water observing?
What company is famous for making that style lamp?
What kind of terrain is this?
What type of pizza is this?
What energy source can replace electric appliances?
What is the can to his side primarily used for?
What causes the black markings on the stones?
What type activity was this building designed for?
What is the silver object on the table in front of the couch used to control?
Who most likely put the bear with this child?
What is the man trying to get?
What are the cats doing near the stone bench?
What fuel does the plane require?
Where are the vases most likely being displayed?
What design is on the woman's shirt?
What region/continent is likely to appear here?
Why are pink ribbons tied on the string?
From which location did this skateboarder just begin this maneuver?
How does this person feel about the photographer?
What is the breed of this cat?
What is the general theme of items in the cup?
A type of leavened fried dough is called?
If the woman in the water wants to copy what the other girls are doing what does she need?
What sport is the person involved in?
What will they use the orange ring for?
What morning beverage is this company famous for?
Where are the people seated?
What sport is the animal playing?
Why does the man have the glass in his hand?
What shape are these fruits?
What relation is the man to the boy in his backpack?
How was the man who is standing in the statue killed?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What does the cardboard box tell us about this situation?
What is the job title of the person standing outside the first base line?
What sort of tide is noticed here?
How does the woman know the girl?
What kind of pasta is on the left?
What number do you get if you add 10 to the number at the bottom of the meter?
What is going on with this room?
Who is the greatest female athlete in this sport of all time?
What does this machine run on for energy?
What other animal is this creature related to?
What is next to the red vehicle?
What type of weather is there at the beach today?
What are these people trying to do?
What activity is the woman engaged in with the child on the bed?
What creatures might be kept in the glass item below the yellow cabinet?
What clue is the person flipping pancakes watching in the batter to alert them as to flipping time?
What period of the day is it in the image?
Why is there a tall fence behind the batter?
What is the green veggie on the dog?
What is this sport called?
What is the profession of the man?
What is the sign all the way to the right for?
What is the dark colored wall made from?
Which plant family does the green vegetable belong to?
What sort of book is seen here?
What type of vegetation is this?
What is the person aiming her phone at?
What can be made with the beans available?
What do the red things prevent from getting to your body?
What is the profession of he man with the dog?
While washing dishes in which position to those seated at the bar is the washer?
What style of skirt is she wearing?
Which bananas should the man pick for eating?
Which wrestler would be most likely to wear the garb the men on the left have on?
What does the leather on the horse here form?
What is held in the red and yellow containers on the table?
What animal is on top of the books?
What would describe the atmosphere of this office?
What is the white part one of these animals is showing called?
Whom employs the person standing here?
Where is the officer riding here?
What is the finger everyone is holding up commonly called?
What is the breed of this cat?
What is the little boy doing?
What type of hat does the man in white have on?
What keeps the seat from falling?
What form of art was used to preserve these dead animals?
What style tennis is being played?
What is the giraffe hair is called?
What numbers are visible on the meter closest to the man?
What are they both running towards?
What are the children making?
What religion is common in this area?
What is the most popular type of apple?
In what setting does this bus drive?
What should be the distance between eyes and computer screen?
The color blue represents commonly what in automobiles?
What can you do directly related to the place on the sign?
Why is his right foot in the air?
What is the red and white object used for?
What OS is the laptop on the right displaying on its screen?
What cut the grass here?
Why is the man swinging his right arm?
Why is the boy on the skateboard raising his hands in the air?
What is the only food group that appears to be missing?
What sandwich does the bus share a name with?
Why is the woman carrying luggage?
Which person bit the donut?
What type of event is this rider in?
What does one of the applications on the desktop allow directly you to open?
The birthday boy has a name that refers to what kind of animal?
How many kilometers distance is there between the capital cities of the countries these planes represent?
How should I go if I want to go to McDonald's?
The item in the sky looks most like what?
What type of area is this event taking place at?
What is the venue shown in the image?
What country does this bus operate in?
What are the two men walking in?
Why is the man wearing gloves?
Why is everything red and white?
Why is he holding the frisbee like that?
What is holding the red napkin together?
In what country would you find these shoji doors most often?
What is the big mitten called?
What color socks are preferred by TV watchers who live here?
What phone feature is she using?
What design is painted onto the plate?
If you laid down exactly where the cameraman is what would give you the most speed?
What company is famous for making the type of vehicle here?
What body of water is shown here?
What public service does the structure seen here serve?
To whom does the cart shown here belong?
Which actress has a famous uncle with a first name that matches the name on the book the boy is reading?
The man will be safe if he avoids getting hit by what?
What is the white food being stored in?
The man in the back has what on his feet?
What kind of cat is it?
What food on the plate has the sweetest taste?
The flowers were placed in items that people wear on what part of their body?
What type of protein is in the salad?
What is the mesh bin intended for?
Who is the yellow line there to guide?
What might possibly flow outwards from the chrome devices?
What needs to be done for the sheep to feel cooler?
How many giraffes are engaging with one another?
The white cylinder with a wire on the wall between the picture frames is used to control what device?
What is the top lip of the structure here decorated with?
Who took this photo?
What is the blue/white/red item by the sink?
How might you describe the figurine's character?
What animal is on the couch?
What does the woman have on her feet?
What brand of tennis racket is she using to play?
What is/are contained inside the wood barrel?
Where do these people ski?
Why has the man attached ropes to the cattle?
On which continent does this airport appear to be from?
The parrot on the right is what kind?
The giraffe in the front is probably related to the one behind in what way?
Which snowboarder is in the most danger?
What does the vehicle that will be used to move the plane face?
What would be the best name for the activity the skateboarder is doing?
What kind of a person is usually found in a building like this?
What is the purpose of the stick in the sandwich?
What motion must one take if someone wants to flush?
What is there a picture of on the yellow shirt?
Which country is this plane based in?
Which item does the player in red primarily want to control here?
What sort of image is in the frame mounted on the wall?
How do these people know each other?
What location are people strolling in?
In which country is this photo taken?
What is done is this room?
What beverage is probably in the bucket?
What does Adidas do to the game?
What is behind the front skier?
What is the brown post behind the green fruit made of?
Why is the windshield on the bus so large?
What sport are the two men playing?
What do these people come to this area for?
What is this area used for?
Which duo is burning the most calories?
What are the overhead wires for?
Where is this train heading?
Why has this person sat down?
What type bear pelt is seen or imitated here?
What is the next number in the sequence?
Which item is the wrong color?
What is the black crate used for?
The flying object is moved by what power?
What color on the bottom sign is out of place?
What are the green vegetables next to the red tomatoes on the left-side pizza?
What are the horses being used for?
What can be used to exercise behind the cat?
Who spoke the language that these words are in?
Who makes the gloves the man is wearing?
How many females in the photo eating pizza?
What time is it likely to be?
What does the lattice in front of the man prevent?
What style tennis will these men play today?
What is the vertical back fin piece on the plane called?
What is the possible danger faced by the man?
The robots on the field are modeled after which animal?
What yellow items sits on the boat?
What are these skiers involved in?
Where do people store their boards when they remove them here?
Why is the bat resting on his shoulder?
What kind of sausage is the bacon wrapped around?
In which country were these vintage motorcycles manufactured?
This athlete is most likely to face who in a match?
What might have happened to the tennis player for him to react like this?
What is intended to rock back and forth?
What does the white portion of the food offer the most?
What hour does the clock face show?
What are these boats called?
How do these people know each other?
From which direction did this person come?
What is an alcohol percentage of hand sanitizer?
Who is in the greatest danger?
What is found on the surfboard to allow the surfer to stay on it?
What do the kids play here?
What is the man doing who took this picture?
Who is selling these items?
What major bottled water company advertises here?
What is the man on the left doing?
How raw is the inside of the egg?
What are the clear areas on the front of the plane made out of?
Why are they stopping?
Which one is the superior officer?
What is the sum of each individual digit on the top of the bus?
What energy is powering the white cable cars?
What is between the car and the cube truck?
What kind of man is found under the orange square?
What is in the back of the truck?
Which film industry likely produced this movie?
What is partially behind the surf board?
What is the black circular object near the top of the tower used for?
What is the rope for?
What creates the blurry reflection seen in this photo?
What is beneath the Green Bags?
What material is this statue made of?
Why is the person's outfit green in color?
In which direction from the man will he throw the disc?
What might sit in the glass?
What toy is in the crib with the child?
Why is the man laying under the elephant?
What is the foremost sheep doing?
What kind of protein is present in cow horn?
What is the dog getting ready to do?
What is the brown animal sitting on?
What sort of outing are they embarking on?
Approximately how many people are watching the event?
What color vehicle is closest to the mailbox?
What are they small trucks called?
These animals have an average lifespan of how many years?
What is the man's profession?
What is the man on the right doing?
In what area of the kitchen is the boy standing with the door open?
What are the skiers doing with each other?
How many Omnivores in the picture?
What animal is related to the animal that is wearing a hat in the poster?
What grade is this skier in?
What type fruits might grow on trees shown here?
What material is the roof made of?
What should a rider stand behind to be safe when the train arrives?
For what is this man most prepared?
What makes it obvious that the boys in the background are just observers?
What is the structure perpendicular to the plane used for?
What hand gesture are the two doing?
What number is represented by a foreign symbol here?
What do the colored flags show?
What is the man using the phone to do?
Which direction may the cars moving forward turn at this exact time?
Who would hold the racket in a similar hand to this person?
How many motorcycles do you see?
Where do the vegetables here produce their greatest mass?
In what setting are the animals?
What are signage placers here most concerned with?
What is the overhead wire for?
What are the men riding on?
Why is the man wearing the silver helmet?
What is the yellow structure in the background used for?
Why are these people using umbrellas?
Which bird contributed to ingredients seen here?
What player will kick the ball first?
What is the man is trying to do?
What type of trees are shown in the foreground?
What is the kite above the girl shaped like?
What metal object is on the cake?
What is this part of the plane known as?
Why do they lay on the benches?
What store is this man sitting outside of?
Based on the hanging flags where is this?
How many different species of animals seem to drinking in the area?
What is the man standing there to observe?
These people most likely speak with what accent?
What does the smiling lady do?
What household object can one assume is within a few feet of this?
What is the part holding the tire to the wheel called?
What would the opposite of this sign be?
What famous actor does he resemble?
What is a traditional filling for the triangular items?
Why is the man near the front of the trolley?
What food group are they snacking on?
What body part of the man is hidden from view?
What liquid cooks the dough?
What is the proper orientation for the sign?
For whom does this woman prepare pizza?
What store is near the sign?
What are the two items in the sky?
Why is the man in a hat wearing a glove?
What material was used to depict the snow in this art piece?
What setting is this scene?
The man on the bench is reading the newspaper during which season?
What does the elephant here seek?
What is the name of the red apples?
What are the long white veggies in the dish?
Where would the most likely place be for this person to be walking?
Wet yeast is used to make?
Why is the yellow item stuck to the sandwich?
The young buy is in danger of slipping because he needs what item of clothing?
What is the asian man with the skateboard applying to the bench?
Who pays the persons in orange?
Why is this man holding his arms out?
Where is the item being grilled normally prepared?
What side of the picture is the sun on?
Why are the cats resting?
The drink on the table is likely from what country?
Why are they covering their mouths?
What are the kids learning to make?
What is the best type of surf board?
Which of the following is useful to wear in this weather?
What type of location is this?
What shape is the pickle cut in?
What facility is shown here?
How did this person get to this point?
What is the man attempting to do?
What will the person wearing red shorts do?
These birds are most probably in what kind of location?
What type of media do the people in the bedroom use to listen to music?
What period of the day is it likely to be?
What type of telephone is he using?
What type of information is on the digital bus sign?
What do they drink?
In which location is this couple?
What type of meat could be harvested from these creatures?
Why is the zebra wearing a hat?
In regular surfing which leg should be first?
What food item is the color the letters on the top of the bus spell?
What are the overhead wires for?
What type of bench is this?
What is he using to propel himself down the street?
The man on the phone has what kind of facial hair?
Why do cats sleep so much?
What thing here would it be bad to look at directly?
What is causing the distortion to the image?
If you're in a car coming from this way what is forbidden?
What industry might this animal be associated with?
The video game console in this boy hand is called?
What is he doing?
The man with the red trunks has what body type?
What does the paint job help the vehicle do?
What did the cream on top come out of?
How many cylinders does the engine in this custom tricycle have?
What is the mound of snow used as?
What type of meat is in the sandwich?
Where does this player stand?
Where has this person been most recently?
When was this picture captured?
The cows main food source for nutrition is brought out in what shape?
What is the paper item on the bed?
How many ducklings stickers are there?
What type of area is shown?
How is the girl related to the Man?
What type of phone can this person use at the desk?
Why is he wearing a glove?
What type of doll is in the front of the picture?
What are they capturing?
Where is this room likely located?
What type persons are shown here?
How many clock faces can be seen on the clock tower?
What are the bananas doing on the yellow cloth?
What is he doing?
The fence is placed in front of what part of the stadium to stop the pitchers fastball from hitting it?
What is the freshest food available to this woman?
Which speed during the turn caused this to happen?
What are the two feeling right now?
What number comes sequentially after the number on the big sign?
The expensive ingredients suggest this is what type of pizza restaurant?
Which two of the giraffes from left to right appear to be the youngest ones?
Where are these cattle most likely headed?
Manchego and Roquefort are cheeses got from which animal's milk?
What do the sunglasses worn here serve as?
What are the black receptacles used to collect?
What is the state of the colors here?
Where was the castle themed birthday cake most likely created?
How are the elephants most likely to cross this river?
Why does the man wear a yellow vest?
What is the man in the red jacket doing?
What part of the vehicle is being shown?
What is the beverage in the glass with the lemon?
What state is the batter's team located in?
What does the round platform shown here do?
What has caused some of the sheep to have pink fur?
What happened to the background?
Red color indicates what in traffic signal?
What are the two black players doing here?
This man is in a similar profession to what character?
How do you get potatoes to this consistency?
What is the man relying on to hold him up?
Why is there a stick stuck in the cheeseburger?
What is the outer layer of the building made of?
What is inside the seating directly under the support beam?
What use is the fencing shown here?
Why is there a stuffed toy on the parking meter?
Why is he on the ground?
What other animal is this animal traditionally afraid of?
Why are all the women wearing hats?
Why are the kids reaching for the basket?
What kind of sign is shown?
What is the man in the chair known as?
What's the name of the man at the front of the vehicle?
The colors of the bottom stripe on the vehicle resemble what flag?
What is the purpose of the bananas?
What does the lady use the toothbrush for?
How is the surfboard likely connected to this surfer?
What temperature will lengthen the use of this ski area?
What is the man doing?
When is it safe to cross here as a pedestrian?
How is this train powered?
People often wear the color of the players on the left to support those with what disease?
Which ingredient in the dish is inedible?
While practicing the tennis player is surrounded by nets because she is playing against?
Why can't we see the man as clearly as we should be able to?
In which country is this street located?
What is the red item with the wheels?
What is the plant coming out of the toilette bowl basin?
What language is the sign in?
What is wrong with the woman's outfits?
Why are the men wearing yellow vests?
Which country would this vase typically originate from?
What entertainment do these people have to amuse them?
What object is present but probably going to be used in an unusual way?
What color hair does the man have who is annoying the bride?
What country is this taking place in?
The people flying kites are wearing sunglasses to prevent what medical condition?
What are the toys in the picture called?
What does this animal use to scoop up water?
What is available to get from the boats to the ground level?
What is this sport name?
What type of object is in the forefront of the image?
Banana's are rich in which nutrient?
Why was the bike parked here?
What type of area is outside of the door?
What fruit is shown on the plate?
What comes out of the large cone?
What type talk is being given here?
Which one of these countries is a main location for the company on the right?
What source of heat is used to cook here?
Which flag has colors most similar to these flags?
What is the job of these horses?
For what are these people queued up?
What piece of clothing does the boy have on that are meant for adults?
In what nation is this street located?
Why is there a pink square on the windshield of the car behind the police car?
Why is he running on the bridge?
Where do the people wearing white shirts work?
What does this store sell?
What brand of skis does the skier use whose eyes are uncovered?
What province does this fire crew reside in?
What does the young man in White and blue hope to catch?
What is the child wearing on his hand?
What did this lady do on the day she holds this knife?
What is the general theme of the objects on the top rack?
Why is the man holding his arms out?
What shot is the male player employing?
What made the wavy lines in the sand in front of the trucks?
What type of items are on the rack in front?
What food group is shown?
What is there a netting behind the batter?
Why does the cow have flowers on her head?
What is the highest view point a person could see from?
Why is the elephant forced down low on it's belly?
What are the plastic lids used for when covering these trays of food?
Where is sir writing?
What keeps the sheep on the side of the road where they graze presently?
Why is the SUV moving over?
What does the boy want to do with the ball?
What is the profession of this woman?
What is the person in the photo wearing?
What are these people most likely attempting to put out?
How many of the vases are made from something other than glass?
What conveyance are the people going to get on?
What mode of transportation is upside-down?
What foreign language could this woman probably know?
How does the boy in the light blue jacket feel?
In which country does this woman talk on the phone?
Why are they stopped?
What zone is this area likely to be?
What is the term for how the boat is situated?
What activity is the person most likely engaging in while using the laptop?
What kind of sign is the red sign on the wall?
The fruits in the raised wooden baskets seen here are all what?
Who's grabbing the broom?
Why is the woman sitting?
Why is the man wearing a yellow jacket?
Why are all the pigeons around the woman?
What type of recreational activity is the man involved in?
Who is the queen of this territory?
Which color of the rainbow is missing from this kite?
What position is this player currently in?
This room can be described as what?
What do the small floats on the boats sides here meant to prevent the boats doing?
What type of transportation is shown?
Who is the man on the sidewalk?
How do people keep their hands clean while picking out donuts?
At what room in the house can you fix the following items?
What is the man doing with his eyes?
What is behind the television?
What seems to be sold outside the silver trailer?
What is the color of the sail boat?
Is this a kite?
Why is it that structure there in the middle?
Who would probably use the thing that is red brown and blue near the bottom of the photo?
What activity is prohibited here?
What would happen if you cut the top wires?
What is this train hauling?
Why are life preservers brightly colored?
A famous player of this game was Babe what?
Why would someone sit here?
Who is the woman in the suit?
Which seasoning appears to have the tallest dispenser here?
Items here are laid out due to what purpose?
What is the large red object in the background called?
What sport requires this man to lay almost flat to his boards?
How many rows of buses are visible?
What can you buy from the shop next to the bar?
What league would they want to play in?
What metal is visible here?
What are the letters for?
What type of kitchen would this be called?
How many of the vegetables are unnecessary to peel before consumed?
What is the scarf called being worn by the women?
Whose idea was it to take the picture of these boys?
What is most likely in the colorful object?
The person is viewed through what?
What animal mimics the pattern of the plane to the left?
What sort of traffic is allowed in the narrow street ahead?
Why is the red object in the sink?
What other situation might the standing items be useful for?
The umbrella is being used as a safety measure to protect the kids from getting what?
What is the name of the secret identity of the logo on the hat?
What kind of cuisine does this restaurant serve?
What is the specialty of those larger containers?
What type of sporting area are girls most likely playing on?
What are is the image from?
What setting do these mounted persons stand in?
What are the shoes that the girl is wearing a good use for?
What are the napkins folded to look like?
What are these animals commonly called?
How many surfaces can this vehicle adjust to?
How many people ate dinner on this table for lunch today?
Who has lighter hair than this person?
The inaugural flight of this airline left what city?
What type of mirror is on the wall?
What do the large white lines allow pedestrians to do?
What item of clothing does the elephant hold?
Consuming which one of these items will make it dangerous to drive?
Where is the table the boy is sitting at?
How did the people standing near the lighthouse structure arrive here?
Why do they have their heads covered?
What type of bread is on the sandwich?
What are the Elephants standing on?
This athlete is using an instrument that is similar to one found in what other sport?
What vehicle is equipped to carry bananas?
What is in the boy's glass?
How many wheels does the vehicle here have?
Why is she holding his head?
What is the white substance in the left shaker?
What brown foodstuff is common in these round things?
What is the shirtless man dressed as?
What country was the batter born in?
What style are his jeans?
What sort of establishment is the person visiting?
The woman wearing what color of coat is in the greatest danger?
What kind of sauce is this?
The largest food item on any of these tables is found in what sauce?
Why is his tongue out?
The boy is wearing a shirt that looks like the shirt of a character in what series?
What is the item hanging from the ceiling?
Which class are these passengers probably sitting in?
What is this person's likely job title?
What gasoline powers this train?
Why is this man in bed?
What shape is the sign on the post to the left of the man?
Why is it unusual for elephants to have tusks this big?
What is the man in pink doing on the street?
What type items are being held in the basket here?
Whish direction is the skier in?
What entity is in charge of the equipment shown here?
The man is throwing the frisbee behind his back and under what body part?
Why do the animals have their heads to the water?
Which actor has the same last name as this street?
How has this table been decorated?
What color is the plane on the far right?
What type of jackets do people wear when skiing?
What's slightly unusual about the dog?
The way the person appears makes them look like what type of being?
What is the price of each cronut in dollars?
What product is made at and for Lagomarcino's?
The cat on the furniture is illuminated by what type of light?
What group of people are likely on this bus?
What year was this school founded?
What is the canopy netting for?
Why are the bike riders stopped?
Why is his arm so high in the air?
Where does this scene probably take place?
What helps for transponders to communicate with the cab and train control systems?
What type of staircase is shown?
What type of vehicle is the woman on?
Which button is the person almost certainly pressing on the laptop keyboard?
The cyclist is most prepared for which weather today?
What are the boots made from on the right?
What is the person doing in the bed?
What has been used to wrap the food in the lower right?
What are these food containers called?
What can you use to do an action similar to what the phone is in the process of doing?
Why are the animals putting their face to the ground?
What purpose are the red umbrellas serving today?
What would happen if the ice instantly melted here?
What sport does the person play that is on the sign?
What does the guy in the button down shirt hope to do?
What meal might you eat at this time of day?
How many vehicles can go parallel along this road?
Why is he looking back?
What is the man in the truck delivering?
Why is the black bike seat wet?
Why is he crouching over?
What type of building is shown here?
Which thing is most obviously discolored?
What has caused the black bars in the photo?
What type of parking is shown?
What is the name of the three wheeled vehicle in the middle of the picture?
What's the lady wearing on her head?
What is allowed to be carried in this bus?
How many species of animals besides humans are visible?
What natural disaster are those houses likely safe from?
What relationship do the persons sharing the umbrella have?
Where are these people engaging in this interaction?
Why is the man in red facing a camera?
He is performing a what?
Who is standing at a higher level on the rock?
What period of the day is it?
Over what is the horse jumping?
Why is the racquet blurred?
What person worked for the company whose name appears after the words I Am?
What would be hardest to hit with the frisbee from here?
What relation does the clothes here have?
What is the woman using the brown object for?
What type of television series is the cat watching?
Why does he have a pained look on his face?
What is she doing with her phone?
What is the guy doing with the device in his hand?
Which word best describes this train station?
Where was the frisbee invented?
What is in the sand?
What is the person in the middle struggling with?
Why are the women wearing lanyards?
What did he recently have to eat?
This scene likely takes place at what time?
How many players are in baseball?
What material is the umbrella made of?
Who is allowed to park by this fire hydrant?
What natural event seems to have occurred here?
Why is the man seated at the red table?
Who is the road for?
Why do the racers have names all over their bikes?
How many hours can cars remain parked at this location before the meter expires?
What vehicle makes frequent crosses at this intersection?
What are the people waiting to do?
What surrounds these people?
What is on the tray?
What conveyance do the skiers ride upon?
What state is the concrete in the brown thing in?
Why has the bus stopped by the sidewalk?
This style of furniture was popular in what era?
What time is it on the image?
What sport does he participate in?
What visual safety feature use to make sure enough sees that they are coming?
What does the company make whose name appears on the right side of the wall?
What are these people waiting for?
Where is the person taking the picture?
The number on the train is a zip code in what state?
What is the most probable reason there is a dog here?
What crime is potentially about to be committed?
What material is the round orange and white object made from which this woman is holding?
What's the name of the area the asian man is near?
What is being advertised on the board?
Which vegetable is the most nutritious?
The D word here refers to what?
Which star can the persons living here most readily identify?
Who is closer to the shore?
What does this grey truck transport?
What other surface might this be played on?
What's the name of the cart the riders are on?
Why is the red vehicle on the right stopped at the building?
What is the train off of?
Why are they ignoring each other?
The desk lamp is illuminating what type of object on the door?
What is the rectangular area above the train?
What is she giving the man?
What type of event are the items inside the white cabinet hanging from the wall commonly used for?
How many objects here contain items from the dairy group?
What is another word for the item all the way to the left?
What time can be seen on the highest clock?
The flash from the camera creates a bright light as it reflects off of what?
What type of bus is shown?
What will the player near the ball do next?
What type of industry is being represented?
What's the man on the left in brown wearing?
What cuisine is featured?
What part of the image file wasn't physically present?
What is the man in black behind the child walking away with?
What purpose does the pedestrian signal's symbol represent?
What is the main fruit in the image?
What kind of apparatus should a child wear in this region?
What filling was used for this pastry?
What surfing technique is the woman doing?
The year this photo was taken would have to be before what year?
Where do umbrellas originate from?
How do the people know each other?
Why is he wearing a glove?
What is this place?
Which device is used to attenuate the airborne noise of the engine?
What is the profession of the man seen on the bus?
How much energy does this stretch of skiing require compared to extreme downhill runs?
At what type event is the man preparing food?
Why is the item she is showing off black?
What area of the computer is he touching with his fingers?
What are the round things on the outer edge?
The item the man is holding is similar to what hygienic item?
The people carrying bags are doing so because of what reason?
Where are the people with the luggage walking to?
What is the occupation of the man on the yellow step?
Where will the ball go next?
Where room would this food be consumed in?
What format of photographs will this woman be taking?
What sort of skiers could use this ski run?
What is the man wearing a hat doing with the camera?
What will the standing player do next?
What is the black pole the white ball is on called?
Which country bus it is?
What jungle animal do his ears resemble?
At least how many kid?
What appliance is being used here?
What is the relationship of the woman to the parachutist?
What software technology is the man showing off on the mobile devices?
How was this dish prepared?
What food product are the animals in the front most closely associated with?
The bakery here specializes in what type occasion?
What is the person trying to do to the dog?
What is the purpose of all the umbrellas?
What is the purpose of the vial with sticks?
How much did parking meters initially charge?
Whos number did the child dial?
The game being played on the television is meant to improve what aspect of the player?
What does this country's flag look like?
What appliance is missing from this room?
What is the color of the following banana imply?
What does the man on the motorcycle ride in?
How many people will dine together at this table?
What is the man attempting to do with the ball?
Why is the man wearing a glove?
What is in the water?
What might they be doing with their devices?
What does the giraffe want to do with the item in this man's mouth?
What group of people is the ramp here constructed for?
What has the yellow object been drawn on to resemble?
Why are the people lining up?
What item is located behind the lady in red?
What is making the people smile and look the same direction?
What are the people wearing bright yellow?
Why are those flowers growing in those bins?
What is the person in the brown boots doing with the dog?
Why are they so close together?
What are the four things on each side of the vehicle called?
What is the woman wearing the skirt doing?
Who serves coffee on the corner?
Where will the SUV drive?
Where does the teddy bear come from?
What is the Head towering above everyone here meant to represent?
What food are they possibly getting ready to make?
What is meant to be kept in those cages?
On which floor of the building is this bathroom?
In which season are the people traveling on the black horse drawn coach?
What number is the hour hand currently pointing to on the clock?
The cylindrical item seen here came from a container with what color liquid inside?
What is the purpose of the writing on the sign?
What type of cheese is on the pizza?
How many buses have an orange portion near their tires?
Why are the bananas hanging?
How many people were most probably riding as motorcycle passengers?
This Imbarchi gates are updated as automatic open by using what?
In which style white pizza made of?
What level of event is this?
What the young one of the animal displayed?
What item suggests that the owner of this home likes bright colors?
Where is this room?
What is in the sky?
What are these types of plants mainly being grown for?
What object on his plate could severely injure him?
What does the man in the green shirt with scissors do for a living?
What period of the day is it in the image?
Which one has the best eyesight?
What is the last number on the train?
The number listed on the train is the same as the area code for which Canadian province?
What type of event is this?
What location is the train parked in?
Which bulletin board service is being used on the computer on the left?
This marina was designed for what type of boats?
What items are sold here that keep people driest?
How many colors of fire hydrants are there?
What is in the thing with coke?
What is this place?
Why are the bikes on the poles?
The face of the namesake of this bridge is on which American dollar bill?
What level game is being conducted here?
What kind of fish kite does the man appear to be flying?
Where is the athlete positioned?
What type of vehicle is to the right of the motorcycle?
What establishment is located behind the people?
Why are there so many buses?
Why is the child on the skateboard wearing a helmet?
Which vegetable here is more likely to bring tears while preparing?
Which location would be quickest to get a big gulp if you are waiting at this corner?
What brand of truck is this?
What sort of specialty business is this?
What is found on the floor?
What type climate do the horses walk in?
What are the child's boots made from?
Dark condition is due to the absence of what?
In what setting is this street scene?
Why are they all leaning forward?
What is this guy planning to do?
What is the genre of movie named on the side of the bus?
What most likely happened before this?
What type of animal is this?
What may be hanging overhead of the bed on the wall?
What kind of vehicle is the woman travelling on?
What are the people at the columnar kiosk paying for?
Which shapes make the best kites?
What is the man on the right riding?
How much calorie intake in kcal is there for eating three of these buns?
The meal seen here is most likely served as which?
What script is that?
What does the man in red hold in his hands?
The woman is reading a catalog from which brand?
What is the geological rock formation called?
Which vehicle seen here would help someone stay drier in water when in use?
What is the object on the stand next to the brown sofa?
What type of transportation is shown?
What is the gear called that the umpire is wearing on his face?
What sort of repairs in the lifted person doing?
Why are they holding umbrellas?
These portable toilets are located closest to which major city?
What is everyone doing standing with remotes?
What kind of store is most likely responsible for the red advertisement on the side of the bus?
How is this blender powered?
Why are the woman leaning against the snow pile?
What service does the vehicle with the purple letters provide?
What tire brand is seen on the back of the t-shirt?
Why is the woman holding an umbrella?
What is the best possible outcome for the pitcher in this situation?
What is the man doing?
What is the name for the large silver object?
What is the dog's paw resting on?
What are they doing?
What is behind the pole?
Clothing items are hung here for which purpose?
What is the burgundy lane in the road used for?
What do the people seated by the road await?
Who does this gear on the beach belong to?
Who is this lady likely to be?
What is the position of the man who is standing?
What are the elephants doing?
What is his favorite maker of athletic apparel?
Who is that on top of the airplane?
What is the cat near?
Where is the boat on the left moving?
What did he use to get his hair that color?
What kind of shop is in the background?
Which Olympic Division are they likely competing in?
Why might the air be thinner to breath?
What type of vehicle are these?
What happens to the image?
In which country does this train stop here?
Which player is more likely to catch the frisbee?
What shape is the red sign?
Why is the dog in the air?
What time will it be on the next hour?
Why is he so intense?
What kind of food is between the mushrooms and carrots?
Persons on the left waiting area will board trains upon which track?
What message does this cake send to those that see it?
What is the man selling under the tent?
What word includes the first letter found at the top of the bus?
Why is the mat there?
A flat cake often thin and round prepared from a starch-based batter is called?
What type of food might be served at this cafe?
What is the woman with the pony tail doing?
What is this kid responsible for?
What style of skateboarding is this?
What activity is taking place in the image?
Why is the outdoor area using covered gazebos?
What activity is the person engaging in?
What activity is the individual engaging in?
Where are the people in?
How many brand new items will one find in this store?
What morning hour is the clock ahead reading?
What is the man doing with the giraffe?
Why is the pie cut up?
What type of tree is overhanging the body of water here?
What is on the left of the tray?
Why is the man kneeling in front of the steps?
What is the man holding the racket ready to do?
What word did they probably say recently?
Why does the animal have its head to the water?
What restaurant has he visited recently?
What happens when the items in the vertical stacks against the wall are used?
What is the person in this house about to do?
What is the black object near the man's hairline?
Why does the person have an umbrella?
Why is there so much color in the sky?
What is the blue thing over the boat doing for the items below?
What type of road command is shown in the image?
Which person is in the greatest danger?
How is air stopped from flowing between logs here?
What poses the biggest threat for a person to trip on?
What hour is the clock fifteen minutes from?
How can the animals here most readily be identified?
Where are these animals being kept?
What should the man be standing behind?
What is in the foreground?
What is one thing the white things were historically used for?
What does the person in the foreground have on?
Why do people gather outside the fence?
What function does the night stand provide for the magazines?
What most likely allowed the skier to become aloft?
What color shirt does the person most likely to kick the ball first wear?
What would someone be riding on top of the red bus for?
What is the device on the middle shelf sitting to the right of the printer?
In what country would the eye color of this man be considered rare?
Who is paying the person with the hammer?
What dangerous substance was often used in the manufacture of these types of windows?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What sort of area does the man skateboard in?
What is the green sign advertising?
What can be done here besides going to the bathroom?
What metro train number is this?
What title did the namesake of this type of sweater have?
How is he resting?
What were Tutor bread ovens closed with?
What item does the maker of the shirt advertise?
The item on the floor looks like what?
What type car is the one with 42 on it's top?
What country is this location?
What pattern shirt does the person wear who put the tie on this dog?
At least how many people are needed to play this game?
What sign is on right side of the road?
What do they do at the place that the blue sign identifies?
What are the two men doing together?
Why are the people gathered together?
Why is his board behind him?
What famous rapper made famous those words on the yellow sign?
What was added to the blue item before using?
What type of people are most likely on board this bus?
What literature does one person at the table appear to be reading?
When riding these bikes what by law must be worn by these men?
What is the white and brown horse doing?
Who is the player wearing gloves?
What continent is this scene located in?
What is the boy perfecting here?
What is the relationship of the man wearing light blue pants to the man wearing star-patterned pants?
What is the skater's source of momentum?
What is the building at the back?
What are they doing?
What is the best climate for these fruits to grow in?
Why are the cleaning bottles on the tub wall?
What is the man wearing the hat pulling?
What is the swinging bench called?
What is the photographer definitely higher than?
What location is this?
What is this place?
You can take this bus to what area of England?
What sort of nut is on this treat?
What is seen brewing here?
What is the green object the girl is carrying?
What does this vehicle ride on?
What takes up more room on the plate?
Why is this bus articulated?
How do these people know each other?
Why is she wearing glasses?
What purple vegetable toppings are on the first pie?
Oil holding capacity per batch of this machine is what?
What are the little things on the screen on the left called?
What is holding the tennis racquet?
What kind of geological rock formations appear on the outcrops?
Who are the people standing behind the gate?
Why did the dog jump in the air?
What area is the image from?
What animals are sitting in the boat?
What is he about to do?
What style food are the persons standing here fans of?
What can you pull from the circular object on the wall?
If the bench instantly went away what would happen?
What manner will the person here hit the ball?
What are they expecting to be poured into the upside down glass?
What are the blue structures in the snow made out of?
What does this setting most resemble?
What affords this motorcycle a green hue?
What breakfast food do they sell at this store?
What color is one of the kneepads?
Where are these people located?
What is the towel on the ground for?
What is the purpose of all these objects?
What type of animal is in the image?
What is the company of the motorcycle?
How is the ball likely to be moved along first?
What item resembles the item all the way to the left?
How are the knifes hanging on the wall?
What helmets do MLB players wear?
Why is he standing far from the animals?
What has this person jumped up to do?
What color would this horse be called?
What's the lady doing?
How many birds are hanging upside down?
What type of shot is about to be hit?
Who is playing tennis with the boy wearing yellow pants?
What might the cables seen here move along?
Why is the baby wrapped in a blanket?
What is the short man doing?
What can usually be found in this setting?
The people in the carriage are most likely what?
What type of communication is she using?
What kind of passengers will travel in this bus?
What is the girl in red pointing to?
How does the rainbow object in the air get elevated?
What else is often put where the bikes are now?
Which city department are they?
Who is the woman feeding the cows?
What are the green fruits?
What does the girl in yellow do to the birds?
What sort of emergency is the truck seen here prepared to immediately handle?
What is behind the man that is standing?
The flesh of which animal is likely contained her burger?
Why is there a chain on the elephant?
What kind of surface are they playing on?
What is the weather today good for?
What will this player do?
What profession are these women in?
Which type dressing does the diner eating here prefer?
Why does the dog have a silver tag on its collar?
What is used to attach the table?
Why is the TV on?
What type of beverages are in bottles on the counter?
What type of event is highly likely to happen at this intersection?
What fruit is on the far left side of the table?
Who wrote the famous song inspired by this highway?
In which liquid primarily were the cucumbers stored in?
Why is the person carrying a box?
What is the black framed device on top of the book?
What scene is this likely to be?
What is the species of the nearest bird?
What sort of sauce is found in the plastic cup?
What green item is in the cup?
Why do kitchen tables have tablecloths?
What is the woman using the bat to do?
What does the silo behind the train store?
Which one is probably the most proficient rider?
What might this room be used for?
What area is shown here?
What kind of scene is this?
What type of infrastructure does this city avoid having?
What human body part does the cat lean back on?
How are the three people feeling in the kitchen?
Why are they holding their boards?
Why are the people holding microphones?
Where is the woman jumping?
Where might you go in the item the cake is shaped as?
What item is in the wrong setting?
How is the woman on the bench feeling?
Where are these two girls at?
What color are the sweet fruits?
Why the umbrella on a sunny day?
What are these boys playing on the beach?
What sort of goods are sold in the shop depicted in the blue sign?
This man likely idolizes what athlete?
What is the pale top of the wave called?
What nation is this airport located at?
What type trees are visible here?
What do the people pictured near the art display all share the ability to do?
What does pommes mean in english?
Why does the biker have his head covered?
The largest fruit shown here is what type of Fruit?
Where would someone eating on the bench throw the remains?
What other tool is required to treat the carrot?
What is the large circular object called?
What is he doing?
Where is this player headed?
For which city does this fire truck perform work?
How is this stove powered?
What type of sandwich is being served?
What kind of drink is on the table?
What is he doing?
The large container just outside the fence here likely contains what?
What section of the store is this area?
What is the biggest danger here?
What form of transportation is this?
A small vessel for travelling over water propelled by oars sails or an engine is?
What type of area is shown?
What country is the bike manufacturer from?
What is the person likely to do next?
Why is the woman holding a phone to her ear?
Alternative energy sources for wood fireplaces is what?
Which one of these would be listed in his book?
What is the pole part of?
What energy powers the splash?
What does the large ships used to move?
What are the people looking at?
What is the job of these horses?
What action are the people taking?
What color is the gaming system being used?
What are people here to do?
What sort of people are boarded on this bus?
Why is the man sitting on the elephant?
What is the hand on the traffic light telling those facing it?
These animals are doing what?
In what continent is this setting found?
What position will the person who stands holding the bat vertically play next?
What would make the tagged objects easier to transport?
The food source of cows creates oxygen through what process?
What are the two about to do?
What type of hat is the person holding?
What are the birds doing with the pizza?
What number is painted on the sheep on the left?
What is being held by the person sitting highest?
These people are likely in what type of school?
What are the vegetables call that are above the broccoli?
What is the appliance in this room used for?
What is the father doing with the child out on the mountain?
What is the person attached to who is about to get dragged by the horse?
The man here is posing to mimic what?
What is this style of egg called?
Why are all the boys dressed alike?
What are the people watching?
What Apple logo means?
What could this girl wear if the glare is bothering her here?
What's the name for this photographic technique?
What is the sum of each individual number shown?
How many different airlines are being featured by the planes in the photo?
What are the three men with signs wearing?
What iconic child favorite is there besides Winnie the Pooh?
What is being dipped in the red sauce?
What will they eat the bread with?
The plant is ripening what type of palatable object?
What form of entertainment are the remotes used for?
How many species of animals are there?
Why are the umbrellas setup above the chairs?
If you wanted to cause an explosion using something here which object would be most useful?
What is the black pot used for?
What is the area called that the clock is in?
Who is taking this man's picture?
What are the sheep traveling down from?
What type of room is this typically referred to as?
To hit this ball the child should place the ball on which color of an item seen here first?
Why is the man stretching his arms out?
Why is the man wearing a hat with earflaps?
What is attached to the brown door?
What is the name of the device used for playing in this image?
Why are some of the kids wearing numbers?
What kind of game is the man playing?
For what reason might the taut lines here serve?
Why are the men's vests yellow in color?
Who was Vice President of the United States when this picture was captured?
How many years old is this dog now?
Why does he have the dog on the board?
What is the red structure meant to prevent?
What is the common term for these objects with wheels?
What sort of Holiday parade is being feted here?
What movie are these animals reminiscent of?
What is the thin object the man holding the microphone is using to prop up called?
What are the cables for?
What is the snow covering to the right of the path in front of the bench?
What activity has the man jumping in the air?
What type of faire might be happening here?
What direction does the black surface the pink jacketed person stands upon go?
The girl that is next to the boy in the blue cap has what hairstyle?
What is the man trying to do to the horse?
What will persons standing here do next?
What countries flag can be seen near the front of the plane?
What does the item in the can with the utensil look like?
What is the man standing next to the bikes most likely doing?
What is the man holding?
Where are they most likely sharing a meal and a laugh?
What years was this machine first introduced?
What is the relationship between the man and the woman?
What are the women doing?
What make of vehicles does this dealership sell?
What are these vehicles used for fighting?
Where does the woman stand at?
What left the marks on the ground?
What is the area where the horse is being kept called?
What type of tops are the men on the right wearing?
What is this bear made of?
Which item is most likely made from animal skin?
What is the woman wearing sunglasses doing?
Which Russian athlete plays a similar sport to these girls?
What sort of adventure are they probably heading out on?
The rightmost set of rails leads to which railway structure?
These types of vehicles are commonly referred to as what?
How is the object in the sky controlled?
Why are some people standing in the boats?
What location does this man work in?
What are the planes near the dock called?
What is in front of the man in the first row wearing glasses?
What language is shown on the banner?
In which lane does the cyclist cycle?
What is the man doing on the carriage?
What is the company of Roycawood truck?
Which of the foods on the table belong to the cruciferous family?
Different parabolic shapes are found in?
What might a young child want to wear should they be in this exact area?
What beverage does the man in checkered shirt carry?
What is the brown object under the chair?
What vegetable might you find on this dish?
How was the item on the plate prepared?
What season will occur after the current season?
What type of birds are these?
What country is this picture taken in?
What did he just do?
What is the truck missing that would make it illegal in many countries?
How would she close the front of her sweater?
How do these people know each other?
What is the shape of the bread called?
What kind of landscape is this?
Which among the following options is not available in the picture above?
How was this dish prepared?
The man directly behind the tennis player is doing what?
What is the sidewalk made of?
Why is he using an umbrella?
What are the tall silver poles used for?
The painting is an example of what type of art?
Upon what vessel are the people seated?
How many of the vegetables were grown in the ground?
What will this man read on the train today?
What is held in the gray canisters?
What type of action is being taken?
What type power does this train use?
What is the pitchers left foot touching?
What type of counter is shown?
What is likely in the two tins on the table?
The item in the bowl touching the knife is what?
Which activity are the majority of horses performing?
What are the men doing in this area?
Which granite is best for bathroom?
What kind of payment is needed to ride this bus?
What is the woman wearing over her yellow shirt?
How many of these people will eventually need to be screened for prostate cancer?
Who would be the most likely owner of these bears?
What are you supposed to do when you meet an animal like this on the road?
What should the vehicle showing the side mirror do in this situation?
What Nintendo video game character is on the left on top of the cake?
Why are they not playing?
What is the man to the right of the black vehicle laying on?
When an athlete starts to overheat and sweat starts pouring there body is asking for what to replenish it?
Which root veg has more starch content?
What type of animals are present?
Which hat brand is advertised above the dugout?
What thing does this place sell?
What form of roadway are these buses traveling on?
What type of surface is this game played on?
What are the large surf boards designed for?
What state are the candles in?
Why is the puppy there?
If a car stops at this light what should they do?
What is the yellow pole in the left corner?
What is a place you commonly see the type of thing which is around the bear's neck?
Which food group would be the healthiest on the dinner plate?
What do the girls use the umbrella to avoid in this situation?
What would a person be doing here?
What is near the window?
What type of telephone is being used?
What color is the older women's scarf?
What county does this bus go to?
The item in the sky resembles what?
What general type of plane is on display in front of the building?
What part of this animal is larger than the same part on a human?
What purpose do the vests serve to do?
Where is this photograph likely to have been taken?
Why is the man behind the other two holding a flashing object?
What is traditionally NOT needed to eat this food?
What key ingredient do these things need?
What is it called when walls are built without mortar?
What type musician lives here?
This game is originated from which country?
What is the person in the red coat and green tinted boots having?
What is the best baseball net?
What are these types of planes generally used for?
His chair is most likely made from what material?
What is this dog ready to do?
Who is this smiling man?
What vessels are tied to the piers here?
Which color is the man looking at the train wearing?
What surface are they skiing on?
Who collects the money from this item?
What door must be open to fill a glass with ice here?
What type of trick is the man in green performing?
What is the little child standing near?
Where is the baby seated while eating cake?
What side dish is to be enjoyed with this sandwich?
This truck shares a name with a popular American Sporting expo group who plays what sport?
Where does the person with the ball stand?
What setting is it likely to be?
Why is the man leaning forward?
What is a potential danger for this man?
Where is this train located?
What type of silver utensil sits atop the salad bar?
Why have the people gathered?
Why are the men behind the counter?
What is tattooed on his right leg?
What does the backpack contain?
Which item dominates this dish?
What is this type of vehicle at the very front of the image referred to?
What is the person wearing?
What type of spread is in the fridge?
What venue should this be?
Which geographic area of the United States did this locomotive spend its working life?
The person in the group that is at higher of risk their hair freezing from the cold is wearing what color jacket?
What space is this bed located in?
What profession are the men on bikes?
Which food on the table provides the most protein?
In which continent is this road located?
What could the pot with the round white gauge on top be used for?
What is the man ready to do?
How many people shown here belong to the same sports team?
The items laid out on the counter are what part of a recipe?
What is that light in the distance called?
What action is the man wearing yellow taking?
What sound do people here await?
They are most likely hoping to advance what?
Transparent umbrella is used only from protecting?
What Disney cartoon character is based on this animal?
What is the fence's purpose?
What type setting is this roadway located in?
Where can people sit here?
Who is most likely to get hurt?
What is the yellow item near the egg?
Why is the man in front leaning while on the board?
What is the batter about to do?
The family of cows indicate this is good grounds for what?
The pavement is made using which one of these ingredients?
What event is taking place here?
What is the name of the structure where the people are riding?
How are the candles on the wall powered?
Of what use are the items on top of the white van?
How old is he now?
Which region in Europe is this bus line servicing?
How many visible pieces does the highest large kite have connected below it?
What is the person with the blue helmet doing?
What shot is the man wearing a hat making?
What major skateboard safety gear is missing on the girl with pigtails?
In which type setting do the Giraffes rest?
What are the small animals doing?
Which birthday is the little boy celebrating?
What is in the bottle's opening?
Why are the cows here?
What is being used to pull the black trailer?
What are the black lamps used to control?
Passengers disembarking from the busses seen here might do what in the yellow canopied building?
The expression on the people's faces reveal that the bus is what?
What are the little brown objects in the salad?
What is near the sink?
Why is he in midair?
Why does the woman hold something to her head?
This airline is headquartered in which city?
The dog in the image belongs to which breed?
What will this man need to look at while using this device?
Why are the bananas lined up on the shelf?
What are the small white objects below the stuffed animals?
What number is on the red train?
What type of animal is the cartoon figure portrayed here based?
What is the brand Lifebuoy selling?
Which type of fruit is in the image?
The people in the stands are supporters of which major league baseball franchise?
What part of the animal is closest to the person?
What are his pants made of?
Which is the best bathroom fittings?
What is this this elephant doing?
What is the traffic light telling the cars to do?
Who was the other friend besides the butcher of the person whose name appears before the word market?
What kind of organization is this entity?
How will he be able to tell what time it is?
What is he about to do?
The train is passing under a safety structure that measures what on the train?
Why are the cones there?
Who are the adults standing behind the children?
What country is this location?
What is really odd about the phone the woman is talking on?
What natural phenomenon assists this person?
What kinds of trees are in the background?
What venue is the woman in?
What does the girl walking into the water is waiting for what to come from directly behind her so she can stand up on the board from the water waiting for what the only thing that will get her on moving on the board?
Which sleeper is sleeping in a more unconventional awkward position?
What are these women looking at?
If you lifted up the brown thing on the ground where would it lead to?
Which person is the oldest?
Why is the partition's height extended?
What are these computers used for?
Why is she so close to the car?
How is the woman wearing black feeling?
What is behind the sofa?
What is the child about to bite?
What is the woman with the purple umbrella holding to her face?
This car will likely go where next?
Which direction do you go for the nearest soccer field?
What is the purpose of the rope?
What is found in the room?
What does the bus have on board?
Why are there stalls with products outside?
What kind of animal is shown?
What is the reddish netting for on the ground?
What type of hat is the man in red wearing?
What is she doing?
Why is the man in black crouched?
In which metropolitan area is this clock installed?
Which player is dressed the warmest?
Why are the small walls setup between the urinals?
Why do both ladies look identical?
Why is there a candle in the woman's dessert?
How did the kite flyer get to the park?
What does Hyundai do to this game?
What is probably capable of the most storage of data?
Who usually use this object?
Where does the cat rest?
What is in the bowl on the left?
What letter was altered by someone on this sign?
What event is being held here?
What is the skier holding in each hand?
What item on the counter has melted?
These parasols are made up of what?
What type of transportation is this?
What is separate from the reality being captured with a camera?
Where are the people?
What type of information is printed on the boat?
How many computers are there?
What does this motorcycle have attached to its right side?
What is the large vegetable on the far left?
Where is this scene taking place?
Where are persons carrying the white items going?
What will she use the brush for?
Which direction will this person most likely go next?
What is being gathered by this vehicle?
Why does the girl have a rope in her hand?
He is using the skin as a what?
What type of area is this?
What breed of Firetruck related dog is shown here?
What is the woman doing to the elephant?
During which time of the year are these trains operating?
What is the top word on the box?
Why has the cyclist covered his head?
What is probably in his hair?
What material would the plates be made of?
What is the woman putting on the sauce?
Which side of the road would this bus drive on in this country?
What sound would come from the top blurred part of the photo?
What is someone who collects huge amounts of rubbish called?
What is the black rectangular board used for?
What is the name of the hat located on the corner of the table?
How are the cellphones receiving reception?
At what state of doneness is this pizza shown?
What is the large tube coming down from the ceiling for?
What is the use of the following traffic cones?
What are the two touching?
What is the stuff inside the white containers used for?
What is the title of a dog that helps find people?
What does this umbrella keep off her head?
What type of fruit is most likely on the tree?
Persons standing on the board here perfect what?
What piece of furniture appears as if it might go into the source of heat in this room?
How are the children controlling the object?
What is the name of the bag on the grass in front of this man?
What is the boy doing with the water?
What type of toppings are on the donuts?
What is the proper name for these fins?
What are the cameras for?
In skateboarding skates with right foot what they called?
The person who uses this desk likely works as what type of professional?
What does the largest animal here have?
What type of ball has a special place for it here?
What style of architecture is this?
What is the woman doing?
The player is using all his energy when preparing to do what with the ball?
What color vest does the person who put these dogs on the surfboard wear?
What base is the player in white behind the grey suited player supposed to be on?
If the man in the blue shirt was to eat a food that matched the color of his bandana what would it be?
Why is the woman holding a knife?
What month was this picture taken?
Where is this man eating?
The parent company of this telephone brand is from what country?
What are the sticks seen here made from?
What is the green thing at the bottom of the tub?
Which word would be used to describe this woman?
What type of motion does a train use?
What food nutrients are lacking in this food?
What at least symbolically is meant to take place below the clock here?
The trolley most likely transports what type of passengers?
Why is the woman carrying an orange umbrella?
What is the woman using the object in her hand to do?
What kitchen appliance is the man standing in front of?
How is the grill acquiring its heat source?
What is the long object on the top of the truck?
What book series does he probably like?
Why are the men's coat/vest yellow or orange?
What might the man in blue be feeling right now?
What color is the brick in the middle?
How many motors are on the vehicles used by the people shown here to get them here?
What type of thing is shown on the umbrella?
This type of protein is most likely what?
From where did the camera man take this photo?
Why didn't they put the cardboard in the receptacles?
What is the weather like where the man is riding his skateboard?
What's the name of this type of skating area?
The store that the bicycle is parked in front of specializes in the sales of what items?
Where would this room be located?
What part of this mans furniture is most surprising?
Which one of these months is possible?
Who is the older woman to the young girl?
Why is the skateboarder reaching down?
What is showing on the woman that shouldn't be?
What are the posts of the wire fence made of?
What might many of the boat owners here use the boats for?
The condiment on this food comes from where?
What is the dog riding in?
What venue is shown in the image?
What does the crest on the castle represent?
What surface is the girl playing on?
What does the woman have all over her face?
Do both options have cheese on them?
One will be charged what if one uses the yellow item?
What company is the main competitor to the laptop's operating system?
Where are the people in?
Why is the woman holding an umbrella?
One will come here if one wants to do what?
In which local doe the the woman sit?
What type of television display technology is being used in the living room?
What meeting type is most probably taking place?
What kind of bus is parked in front of the men?
What is contained inside the Scissor lift style truck with a rectangular box on it?
Where is the smoke near the horses coming from?
What is required for this activity?
Where does the man want to go?
Why is the boy near the edge of the water crouching down?
What are the toy bears wearing?
What does the man with the racket want to do next?
The filling of this cake is most likely what?
What are the white blocks on the pizza?
WHat is the elephant husk made of?
What is folded up next to dresser?
Which cloth is good for window curtains?
What is the majority of the hill covered in?
What will the woman do next?
Which skier is teaching here?
Where will the bare shouldered person most likely go to next?
Why is the plane blue and red?
What event is taking place here?
What style food is most likely being prepared in this kitchen?
Why is there no color in the image?
What is near the apples?
How many Chevrolet cars are there?
Why are the tomatoes sitting on the white table?
What is explicitly forbidden on the bus?
Who owns the umbrella?
What is this type of food called?
What will the person here do next in the game?
What happens when you push the metal button on the back wall?
What persons enter the open door here?
What activity is the person who owns these things doing?
What might you find written on the other side of the bone?
What is being done in the area beyond the arched opening?
What type of soda is in the image?
Video game consoles are popularly marked by whom?
Why is he standing inside the square?
Which one of the paint is safe for children art work?
What is the leg gear called that the catcher is wearing?
What appliance sits on the bathroom sink counter?
What is the use of the pestle and mortar in the picture above?
From what did the animals shown here first emerge?
Who is the man waiting for?
What type of board is the black one behind the stove?
Where have the ships stopped?
Why is the orange cone placed by the plane?
Why are the top of the rails by the railroad station shiny?
What is this place?
What month does this event take place?
What is this woman going to eat?
What needs to be done to the wall?
The man with the ball has shoes that have a majority color that matches the color of what?
What kind of event is taking place in the area?
What fun activity is shown?
What is the girl in this image most likely looking at here?
Where is the baseball?
What is the cat sleeping on?
What actress has a first name that can be formed from the initials on the plane?
What material is the orange mug to the left of the donut made out of?
What is the guy with a backpack doing?
What is used to make the cake on the top left corner?
What type of fruit are the green items on the boys right?
What type of establishment is known to put notecards on beds like this?
What action did the woman just finish doing prior to drying her hands?
What is usually placed on the silver item?
Where are these 3 kids most likely from?
What countries flag can be seen near the building?
What is this space dedicated to displaying?
What is the same color as the arrows on the floor?
What type of structure does he live in?
Why is everyone at the table using laptops?
The company advertised makes which one of these cars?
Where is this man working?
Where are selling the pizza from?
This girl plays a similar sport to what athlete?
What word is written in black letters?
How many different persons are shown atop a snowboard?
Why are only the letters SBwa visible on that sign?
What is this place?
Where would be strange to see the graphic on the hat?
What sports can both be enjoyed nearby?
What is this man doing?
For whom is the grey mark on the ground built?
Where on this street can a car be parked at the curb and left more than a day without being ticketed?
What are they having to eat?
What is the woman doing at the window?
What kind of street is this?
When not in use how is this phone stored?
In what kind of environment are these unique items and two chickens likely located?
Where is the woman likely returning home from?
In which liquid were these potatoes cooked?
Which person is most protected if it started to rain?
What does the umbrella here prevent?
What countries flag can be seen on the man's shirt?
What is the person sitting near?
Why are the people handing out the back of the truck?
What is the slowest thing that can move faster than the large thing here?
What is the player trying to hit the ball over?
What is the purpose of the object?
What area is the player hitting the tennis ball in?
What are they all looking at?
What is on both sides of the green plate?
What is the man in grey pants doing?
What does the grey cloth do?
Which Entity owns this plane?
What feature does the bright red chair probably have?
Why are there two laptops on the table?
What color bathroom soap is there?
Where is the function attended by the crowd taking place?
What type of boots is the woman wearing?
Why are they sitting on a pile of books?
What is the purpose of the yellow can shown?
What sort of building is seen here?
What material are the white rounds in the jar made of?
How many people are kiteboarding in this photo?
How many people was this dish prepared for?
What is the raw material for tissue paper?
What is the man using the kite to do?
What was the traditional use for these hats?
What type of business is this?
What color sweater is the toddler on the little skateboard wearing?
What classification of food is being eaten with the fork?
What is the man helping the young boy do?
Persons here wait to do what?
What does the truck have a spare of on the back?
What is the name of the structure the bench is sitting on?
Which one of these holidays would this cake be appropriate for?
Where are these children located?
What setting is this venue?
What is the person in the green hoody practicing?
What are the two people doing with their motorcycles?
What is on the floor?
What type of vehicle is the cat sitting on?
What number do you get if you take the largest jersey number and then subtract the smallest jersey number from it?
What is he doing?
Why is the boat attached to a rope?
What is the man doing?
Why is the woman wearing a ring on her fourth finger?
What type of station is this?
What type of internet service is being utilized by the computer?
From which vegetable is the main side dish sourced from mainly?
Which person is the teacher?
When stray cats jump in the road they rely on what to keep them save from getting hit?
Why does the man have his hands opened?
What mechanism the the motorcyclists just engage?
What is the man with a white shirt and light green shorts taking here?
What is the relationship between the boys wearing shirts of different colors in this situation?
What is the brown building likely to be?
What other food is popular to cook using this tool?
What is unusual about the soccer ball being held up by the girl in black and gray striped shirt?
What is the woman riding?
What country produces a large number of these yellow food items?
The person playing with the Frisbee is doing so during which season?
What type of collectable is the large blue and white vase a part of?
What color is the chocolate on top of the white plate?
What is this vehicle trying to do?
What is the woman and horse here engaged in?
What can you find from the billboard?
What is the parent company of their sponsors?
What angle is the motorcycle at to the cars?
What act is the older woman preparing to do to the young girl?
What would the upright objects littering the lawn do if they were hit with a hammer swung by Paul Wight?
What numeral system is used on the clock?
How long must the bus wait to enter this intersection safely?
Why are there so many leaves on the ground?
The sliders on the equipment on the desk is used to adjust what?
This restaurant definitely serves which countries products?
What is being cooked here?
What was the shirtless man just doing?
This man is most likely playing what?
Why are they wearing wetsuits?
Which one is probably the driver of the car?
Who was the former owner to the railway?
What appliance is in the image?
What are the skiers watching?
What is the man shown here likely to have for lunch today?
What aquatic order are these birds from?
What is parked on the side of the road?
Why are the flags red in color?
Where will they use the scissors?
What is playing with the phone?
What is in the yellow bag on the table?
What item do multiple elderly persons here grasp?
Why are they so high up?
What should the woman sitting in the middle wear for protection?
What phase of meeting is this room in?
How was this beverage created?
Why is the girl reaching into the van?
How heavy is a newborn giraffe calf in general?
What sport are the players in red shirts most likely playing?
What item is bigger than normal?
If this was a color picture what colors would be in the flag?
What type of animals are shown?
What type of waterway is this?
What rightmost utensil is upside down?
What are coming out of the closet?
The face on the train makes it seem like which character?
What is the tunnel nearest the plane door called?
What do the ladies here discuss?
What is this player hoping to keep up?
What type of shirt does the skateboarder in the air have on?
What are the round brown things in the salad?
What is contained inside the long white box?
What vehicle should stop?
What is the purpose of the paved area?
Why is this train so small?
What is the orange object used for?
What job does the man holding the orange stick carry out here?
Which form of transportation shown here uses less fuel to fill up?
The desk is made of what type of material?
What color shorts does the person to whom the frisbee is thrown wear?
How many giraffes are there?
Why are there no sails raised here?
What accessory can you get from a building to the left of he camera?
What shape is the item on the floor that is in front of the boat that is behind the red boat?
What are they doing?
Which traffic light is missing?
Who got Mrs. Kalayaan 2013?
What are the people in the middle standing in front of?
What location do these men wait in?
What are the people patiently waiting for?
What is the corrugated white metal panel to the left of the wash basin used for?
How many geese are flying in a formation?
The orange orbs seen here are actually what?
These animals are mascots for what brand of gum?
This playing is making what shot?
What is the terrain with trees on it?
What is he doing?
What type of event is being held here?
What photographic technique was used to capture the movement of traffic on the street?
What mode of travel is in use here?
What digital device is being used to capture memories?
What is being fed to the giraffe?
Where are these people gathered?
What is the first letter after the picture of the flag on the plane in the foreground?
What is the most likely reason for the dogs to be in this yard?
What part of a country is this?
What hazard appears to be occurring on the road?
What is the woman putting the tray in the oven?
What dangles from the dark blue type ribbon here?
Which country has red with white flag?
How was the photo turned black and white?
How much would 2 pounds of oranges cost?
What language is likely the language of the person using the right laptop?
What type of mattress would one have to buy for the dog's resting place?
Where is the child's parents most likely?
What is shelf made with?
Why are they carrying the snowboards?
How many of these could he safely mount at a time?
Why are they so distracted by the zebra?
What are the two men watching?
What is a term that could be used to refer to the person on the right?
What are the two areas decorated with red sheets used for?
What food is frying in the oil?
What kind of broad category tattoos she has?
What color will these birds become?
What is the person carrying the tray most likely doing with the items?
What kind of birds are these?
What segment of this food is this woman eating right now?
What type of furniture is the cat on?
What are bricks mostly made of?
How many people can be seen?
What blends things in the green based glass pitcher?
The colors of this vehicle resemble which flag?
What are the two red objects on top of the sandwich?
When driving down this street when getting to Kenmore street which direction turn is allowed?
What does the woman here do with her kite?
What biological class do the animals in the water belong to?
In which room does this man stand?
What motion makes the child smile?
What type of socks is the little girl wearing?
What is the proper name for this style of eating?
Where is this table located at?
What does the player with the frisbee want to do with it?
Which Hot Dog topping here is longest?
What is the name of the birds pictured above?
What type of hot dog is on the plate?
What type of gathering is this?
What is the man wearing the headset most likely carrying?
Why is the man grabbing the other man's collar?
What do these horseback riders ride along?
Who plays the same sport?
Who are the roads for?
How do you describe those people going inside the building?
Inside the covered pot rests what?
What temperature items might be carried by this truck?
What allows this toy to fly?
If you are crossing the street what should you do at this point?
What does the user of this room do apart from working on the laptop?
What will the man do to the elephants with the sticks he holds?
Where is the man?
Where is the owner of the backpack?
What fun activity is shown?
What colour is the man's shirt underneath his vest?
What is the woman holding to her ear?
What does the NZ on the microphone stand for?
Which food is deadly to this animal?
Why is the car stopping?
What level is this ski course catering to?
Why is there a car poster on the building?
Who is the man on the tv?
Why has the man covered his head?
What is the player's facial expression?
What do the people do when the fast moving thing stops?
What kind of hairstyle is the man sporting?
What is the style of the two chairs in front of the laptop?
Who likes to eat the orange item here?
What job does the man behind the stand hold?
What do the animals here have in common locationwise?
What is the largest plane in the entire fleet owned by the airline sponsor?
Why is the woman using an umbrella?
What automobile companies logo can be seen on the flag?
What is the girl trying to do with the horse?
What is the woman doing?
What is behind the small table with the flowers?
What is the most popular pizza cheese?
On what is the meat for this group prepared?
Why is the pizza cut into small pieces?
What does the stuffed item here appear to wear?
What is the person on the right holding in the air?
Why does he have two monitors?
Why is the hill above the sea brown with furrows?
What used to be inside the barrels shown before they became planters?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What are the three people next to the train doing?
The skateboarders are skating in the park during which season of the year?
How are the special type of skis called?
Misty dawn is sailing under the flag of which country?
Why is the elephant's leg raised?
Why is the woman on the phone carrying a bag?
Which treat was most likely purchased instead of baked?
What is most likely to be added to this food item?
Which vehicle stuck in the intersection is in the most danger?
What vehicle is he in?
What does the man want to do with the ball?
What surrounds the sausages here?
What is contained inside the dark colored bottle?
What great empire once ruled this land?
Where are the buildings that offer the most protection from a tsunami?
What make is the white vehicle parked near the curb behind the truck?
Why are the kids holding umbrellas?
These men probably belong to what type of organization?
What good or service can be found in the glass kiosk with a light blue top to the left of the train?
What birthday are they most likely celebrating for the child?
What does this cat seem to be feeling the most?
In what country did the rail freight company branded on this train originate?
What color do the cheapest apples all have on their skins?
What is the man putting on the animal?
What type of bears are in the foreground?
Which section of the tower would light come out of to help boats?
What type of area is this?
Where are the two women eating?
What persons might normally ride in the cart behind this horse?
Why is the elephant placing its legs on the wheel?
What type of banana is this?
What is the boarder about to hit?
The skateboarder would have to Ollie at least how high to clear the top of the railing?
The pink and white item will provide what?
What is the large rectangular object on the table with a screen used for?
What are persons who are on the couch playing with?
What time of year is associated with the trees to the back left?
What activity could you do in the structure in the center here?
The umbrella here prevents the boater from what fate?
What does the big blue jug in the background dispense?
What move is the snowboarder doing?
What is the man doing with the food on the plate?
How many people can cook food here at once?
What type of cup is he using?
What is he waiting for?
What is the red building to the right of the bus used for?
This sandwich is probably being eaten in what kind of setting?
What temperature do these devices keep things?
What uses the ramp on the back of the car?
What is essential for this activity?
How skilled is this skier in the activity?
The two pizzas have different sized what?
What word is on the orange sign?
What is near the sidewalk here?
The dark condition is due to the absence of which molecule?
Which food here is highest in vitamin B-12?
What is the woman holding?
What brand of bike is the couple sitting on?
What objects are on display on the blue paper?
What type of weather is this area experiencing?
If someone on a horse here sees a person committing a crime what will they do?
What kind of an area is this?
What does the woman have in her right hand?
The vehicle here is powered by something located where in relation to it?
What is this watercraft's purpose?
What is the skateboarder likely to suffer from?
How do the people know each other?
Where is the woman located?
These sports equips are used to play which sport?
Which item is sitting on top of an object that was woven?
What is the leftmost skier doing?
What type of establishment is Canova?
What is being served on plates?
What are the two people both directly above and below the snowboarder doing?
What is used to pull this boat?
Where are the apples in the buckets picked from?
What country's flag is on the white carriage?
What is allowed on this pathway?
To represent the cleanliness of sanitary wares its available with what color?
Why are the animals enclosed in one area?
Why does he holds his hands about a foot apart?
What type of toys are marketed here?
What type people most likely ride this conveyance?
What type of board does the man have?
What is the black object near the bench used to collect?
The first flag celebrates what heritage?
Why are her glasses that color?
The cat next to the person's foot is eating food from which national cuisine?
Which direction are these people travelling?
What's near the zebras?
What is the round blue bin used to collect?
Which music group would be able to use all of these boards without sharing?
What is worn by all who ride these bikes?
What type of area is shown?
The woman is most likely training her eyes on what object?
The dog seen here was placed there by whom?
What type of donut is she eating?
What type of device would create a better picture than the flip phone?
Why are they skiing on level ground?
What is the man using the bike for?
The man is mugging about his wife doing what?
What might you find in the glass and green sided structure?
Why are the beverages in the cooler?
What type of animal is laying in the middle of the street?
What time of day does this man dine here?
What utensils with the person holding this pizza use to eat it with?
Which country grows most bananas?
Why is the person holding the bird wearing a glove?
Why are the people sitting on the benches?
What animal is shown in the container?
What is known as the best cut of meat from the largest animal?
Where is this room located?
What are these people doing with each other?
What use would these devices held aloft here be?
What does this vehicle hold in it's rear?
What video game system are the boys using?
What is in the background?
Which cuisine is this?
What is able to be repaired by the machine in the corner?
What is attached to the chair?
The items with the blue signs are likely where?
Where does the carrier take the man to?
The shape the man has on his yellow shirt is found on what flag?
What is the book resting on?
Which one will reach the finish line first if they maintain their positions?
What should the pedestrians do in this situation?
Someone needs to score at least how many sets to win?
What is the cat laying in front of?
These cars are stuck in what?
What is the man kneeling going to do next?
What is the surfer most likely looking up at?
If the man threw his phone 2 meters forward where would it land?
Which single object does he have that is least useful to him right now?
What brand is famous for making the item the boy is holding?
What type of activities are happening here?
What is the oldest cap name?
What does this truck do?
What is the tarp above the giraffe being used to block?
Why are her feet off the ground?
This food is usually sold where?
What can obviously be used to save your life here?
Why is the batter wearing white gloves?
What animal is there besides the giraffe?
What is the man doing with the blue wand?
Whose turn is it to play?
What company owns the red and white vehicle?
What country does the white car originate from?
Why are there two oval patterns on the right man's pants?
Why have these people gathered?
What is the player in the forefront doing?
What did this man serve in?
What should be put in the hole near the nearby child?
Why does the man have the yellow stick with him?
What is the small dog being carried in?
For what type of event is the man dressed?
What are the pink objects on the shelf?
What has the man just done?
What pizza place is on the main level?
Where are these 2 people standing?
What image cheers the woman taking the zoom call we see?
Why are the buildings right on the water?
For what purpose is the person reading?
The rules of this game are similar to which game?
What has the woman done with the white object?
What kind of footage are they most likely looking at on the screen?
What is the first number that appears on the train?
What popular news agency as the same Acronym as the letters near the bottom of the plane?
Which country's flag is draped over them?
How can the red chairs be transported easily?
What is unusual about the person's less-popular phone system?
What room are they in?
What might be age inappropriate here?
What type of facility is this?
What is the occupation of the man holding a camera?
What company makes the vehicle?
What is in the plate in the foreground?
What natural feature does the person on the water use for movement?
Where is this produce located?
During which time of the year are the vehicles traveling on this roadway?
What is most likely in the large white jug?
This city is the capital of which European country?
Where is Alpen's headquarters?
Why is the man wearing a white helmet?
What does the DB stand for?
What is the child on the right wearing?
What is the man wearing a hat doing?
What is unique about this cat?
What type of room is this?
What is the women missing that many women have on in public?
From which deck area must passengers depart this train?
What type of food is advertised on the cart?
If there more than one direction for the street up ahead?
What is the train close to?
The person nearest has what handicap?
What are the green items on top of the tomatoes on the man's sandwich?
What is the cause of the puddle of water in the foreground of the Frisbee players?
What are the metal poles on the window called?
What are the trees with white bases called?
What time can parking be found near this location?
What switch hitting Atlanta Braves legend is at the plate?
What material is the sail mast made of?
Who do the luggage belong to?
How is the young girl feeling?
What item is held up by the man here?
Why are the patrons eating with chopsticks?
What is sent into the black/yellow tube?
Which direction is the arrow pointing?
Where is the person taking the vegetables on the boat?
What kind of gathering is this?
What is number twenty four trying to do?
What are the two watching in the distance?
This airline is based out of what city?
What type of event is he attending?
What are the brown objects on the metal pans?
What has to occur in order for the fire extinguisher to be used?
What activity is being demonstrated?
What type of shot is the woman hitting?
What type of birds are in the sky?
What is the relationship between these two teams?
Why is the person still in the car with the door open?
What are the people waiting to do?
How do the women taking know each other?
What form of communication is practised in the area behind the cow?
Why is the girl holding an open umbrella?
How many bedrooms are in the apartment that is available for rent?
Where is this room located?
Where does the man carry his cell phone?
Where is she standing?
In which way is this person communicating currently?
What is the major German city closest to the locomotive?
What color are the stripes on the sleeves of the jacket worn by the motorcyclist in front?
How many surfboards are there?
How did this man get to this location immediately prior to taking this picture?
What material is used to make the sheet laid on by the man?
What is the bald person in the jacket a part of?
Why have the two men gripped hands?
What are the individuals looking at across the water?
Who owns this dog?
Where are half of these people probably going?
Under what is the oven located here?
In what city is this woman boarding the bus?
How can the room be heated?
What number is missing from the sequence of the numbers next to the word private?
What do the greenish brown things bring to the beach?
What sort of skiers are practicing in the foreground?
What is the route named after?
People are doing what?
What is he doing with the ball?
What is this device being used for?
What item is abundant on the table is being ignored?
What are these people ready to do?
What has the man stopped on his scooter?
Which ward is the advertised district in?
After looking at the base where will this player look next?
In skateboarding terms what is the skateboarder doing with his right hand?
Why are apples better than oranges?
What do the white lines on the road mean?
What energy propels this train?
Where are these men riding?
Why are the animals lowering their heads?
What is the woman ready to do?
What type area does this train leave?
What are you most at risk of if you touch the things covering the sky here?
Why is the man on the skateboard crouching?
Why are bikes that are similar sitting together?
Which person's pizza has the most cheese?
What is the woman doing with the yellow device?
What is the number at the front of the train on the left?
What number is the street?
What personal care item is missing from the dish next to the sink?
What place are the zebra in?
What is drawn on the bumper?
Which item normally found on a car can be seen drug behind the horse here?
What kind of tool is on top of the bookshelf to the left of the desk with a monitor on it?
If one adds a wheel to this vehicle how many would it have?
What did this boy just do?
How many people below three years of age are there?
What is abnormal about the man showing his back?
Who do most of the men probably like to date?
If this truck sold food the same color that the truck is what food would it sell?
What bus is this?
What will the spoon/fork combination utensil be used for?
What is the most vulnerable in the picture?
What is this person doing?
What are the men armed?
What person does the batter watch here?
An American motorcycle rally held annually in which place?
Where is 39 headed?
What event is being filmed here?
Why does he have the huge sandwich?
What is required to park here?
What is the man doing to the fridge?
What are the green objects in the background used for?
In which state is this bus being towed?
Based on the size of the wave what skill level is the surfer?
What could be a hobby of the owner of the books?
What video game system is the man using?
If the woman in white wants to go forward when is it safe for her to cross the road or path she is headed toward?
What protects observers from being hit with the ball?
What is she looking at?
How are the cows contained within this field?
What type of activity are these lines for?
What is beneath the number 714?
This boy swings from the same side of the plate as what baseball player?
What animal is shown on the banner?
How are the different levels of this type of cake called?
What type of transportation is this?
What are children pictured above doing?
If you needed to get cash now on this street corner what would you use to do that?
Who put the hat on the dog?
What does the woman sitting on the bench do?
What kind of animal do you see in the picture?
What does the glove on the person's hand provide?
Which hand caused the ball to go aloft here?
What design is the bike seat?
What are these women doing?
What is the name of the blue piece on the end of the plane?
What person has the same first initials as the initials on the card?
Who will ride in the blue seat?
What sport would this be if gates were added?
If she stopped her bike suddenly what is most likely to happen?
What time of day is this?
The woman is putting what piece of her safety riding gear on the pony?
What can be used to transport multiple luggage bags?
What fast food place has a similar name to the name on the building?
The man is taking a picture of something on which side of his body?
Where do bananas originally come from?
What type of woman might this animal be associated with historically?
How is this craft propelled along the water?
How many plates are on the table?
Why is this place good for the animals?
What is he doing hanging from the board?
In which manner does this vehicle move?
Why is the car on the sidewalk?
What is she doing with the oven?
What is the man to the right doing?
What fuel source powers the heat in this room?
What is probably in front of them?
What use would sitting in the seats have?
What are the small lights called?
What does the person with the toy hope for here?
Where does surfing come from?
Why is the woman pressing the box?
What powers those boats?
What is the woman holding?
What is the man's job?
What is the man doing with the black funnel shapes object?
What is the relationship between the man and the woman?
The hides from the cows are used to produce what?
How was the sandwich able to get the markings?
Why is the bus without passengers?
What year was this sport originally created?
If need be who can run the fastest?
What are cables hooked to these planes for?
What type is served here?
What are the boys doing with the circular object?
Why is the horse wearing a blanket?
Which item might she use on her skin?
Which direction are the three people on the right walking?
Where is this vehicle headed?
What state is the woman and her dog in?
The woman atop the horse rides in what style here?
If she violently jabbed her stylus straight up and down from this position what most likely would happen?
What type pressure can be discerned here?
Why are the men dressed in white?
What is the best luggage brand in the world?
What is behind the fence?
Why are the flowers immersed inside a bowl of water?
Why is she laying on the sofa?
What are the items in the brown and grey receptacle for?
What is this person trying to do?
Who invented this vehicle?
What type of company is on his shirt?
Ignoring everything else about the image what should pedestrians do about crossing the street according to the traffic light?
What was the original material of the stringy food on the right side of the sandwich?
What is the most likely reason for the word appearing on the wall behind the athlete?
How did this man get here today?
What is the woman doing while holding the baby?
What conveyance creates shadows seen here?
What is the most likely time of day?
What is the young giraffe doing?
The goods in the image can be prepared by which thermal procedure?
The frosting is probably made from what?
What is the man that is standing wearing?
She is dressed to attend what kind of ceremony?
Why is the man holding the trash bag carrying a large stick?
What has caused the blur in the middle of the photo?
What is she doing?
Which body part of the largest animal might be the object of the most smuggling?
Why is the man on the bike wearing yellow?
What job does the person in black standing have?
Why is the train shaped like this?
What age group are the magnets on the fridge for?
Why is there a candle in the cake?
What are the two young people doing with the headphones?
What is the baby doing to the phone?
What is he about to do?
What ingredient used as a veg toppings of the pizza?
What purpose do the wires on the poles serve to do?
What style of pizza is the man having?
What does the blue protective device help protect?
What substance can be obtained from the red object?
The chains visible here are meant to retain what?
What does the man in the square hold do here?
How much pizza should a child eat?
What would most likely be stored in this type of location?
Why are there so many stop signs?
How much older is this man now?
What can be found on the ground?
What is the purpose of the half sphere to the left of the sign?
What do the two red signs in front of the cobblestone alley signal?
What are the birds perched on?
What reactant or leavening agent is used in this dish?
What type of shoes is the boy wearing?
What is the man using as a skate ramp?
What is the woman most likely retrieving in front of the refrigerator?
What environment are they at?
What animal is licking the plant?
The large item on the right resembles what?
What type facility is shown?
What type day are people enjoying the outdoors here?
What is preventing the trees from sliding into the ocean?
What kind of structure is this?
Which woman will get soaked the least?
How many birds are in the image?
From what fruit comes the item being drunk here?
Which vehicle is a government vehicle?
What weather do these boys hope for?
This animal is a symbol of what nation?
Which computer is most probably used in multiple locations?
What type of internet device is in use at this desk?
According to clock the time displayed is ten minutes past which hour?
Most horses that are used for racing are ridden by professional riders called as?
How many people are controlling and steering this motorcycle?
What type of weather is present?
What period of the day is it in the image?
What is the woman preparing to pour from the carton in her hand?
What type of event has happened?
What is going to approach the two men in front soon?
How is the man holding the can feeling?
What does the woman here study?
What are you instructed to do?
What does the man show off here?
What is he doing with the pizza?
Which food contains the highest level of sodium?
What is the bird on the bench called?
What material is the sink made of?
Why is the woman holding her phone above her head?
The building to the right of the hotel is used for what general purpose?
What does the young boy wearing plaid want to do?
What are the pastries called?
What brand is on her tank top?
According to the evidence up above where might you find the cameraman?
What winter sport is this group participating in?
What is done manually in this kitchen that is done by machines in most kitchens?
What is the percent of alcohol?
Who likely owns these belongings?
Where did the person in red get their beverage?
What do these people wait on?
What type of establishment is the man in using his computer?
What could the rope attached to the boat act as?
Racquet is used in which game?
What is the name of the object on top of the boat's roof?
Why are they using an umbrella?
Who was the last person to have a perfect game from that position on the left?
What is the small square object next to the white vase used for?
In the event of a fire what could be blamed?
How does the man know the boy?
What does the man look up at?
In what type of building is this room found?
What is this plane called?
What type of tennis game is being played here?
The billboard on the building is advertising for which science fiction franchise?
Why are there more people than kites?
Which feature of the camera poses harm to the person taking a photograph of a mirror?
What stops the motor bike from tipping over?
What is made by the plugged in item?
What can be said about the business behind him?
What is seen in the sky?
What does the girl awaiting the bus have behind her?
How many items on the table are to the left of the clock?
What type of vehicle is shown?
The person that invented the item with the yellow lid was from what country?
How many modes of transportation are pictured here including the children's toy?
What are the people sending into the air?
Who constructed the obstacle being jumped here?
Is GPS attached in the paragliding?
What is the purpose of the trunk?
What type of object have the toothbrushes been modified to resemble?
What poses the gravest danger to the person under the blue umbrella here?
Who manufactured the car in the background?
What is the sand on the beach made of?
What is the man doing to the child's hair?
What are the people behind the green wall doing?
What age are these cats?
How are these boats powered?
What is the boy swinging?
Which direction will the bus go next?
What typical bathroom item is integrated into the wall that normally is free standing?
The man is wearing what?
What is under this man?
How many citrus fruits are there in the image?
What kind of event has occurred in this scene?
What is it called when this animal moves?
What country is the flag painted on the motorcycle above belong to?
When was the double-decker bus invented?
What can be listened to whose info is on the tent?
What are the cows looking at?
What kind of course is the vehicle going to take?
How were the houses on this land built?
What are the yellow lines on the road warning the drivers about?
What is the white water the boat creates called?
Which food provides the most starch?
What is hanging on the cabinet handle?
What does the first S stand for?
What animals legs are closest to the ground here?
Who is in the greatest risk of being attacked?
What are they doing?
What are the poles sticking out of the ground near the man wearing yellow?
What is the name for the table the woman is sitting at?
Which character wears a shirt with a similar pattern to this man's shirt?
Who is the main male character in that video game?
What is the blue structure located above the railroad tracks used as?
What does the boat carry?
Where are these people gathered?
What nickname does the front bike often have?
What chemical can unclog a toilet?
What is the next step the people are going to do with the pizzas?
How do you know someone here is probably married?
What is probably at the other end of the leash?
In what continent is this street situated?
Why is the man holding the ball wearing a glove?
On which computer could one find directions the fastest?
What event has likely taken place here?
What is the cheapest flat that you can buy here?
What group of people originally created this food?
How would these animals be classified?
What type tennis is being played here?
What item is intended to rock back and forth in this room?
What is the sum of each individual digit on the side of the boat?
What color hair does the woman have?
Where is this person working?
What kind of pattern is the road?
Where is this person dining?
How many directions does traffic flow in these pictured lanes?
Which platform services the train arriving now?
What is the woman prepared to do?
When can you make a right turn at Elizabeth Street?
What does the mechanism below the skateboard do?
Who is near the train?
What is the person doing to the cat?
What surface is the woman playing tennis on?
This is most likely what kind of event?
What theme parade do these bikers ride in?
What flag dominates the crowd?
What fuels the mode of travel shown?
What is another tool used to cut this type of food?
What activity is taking place besides surfing?
What country does this train run in?
Which food contains the most protein?
What time of day is it here?
What type of shot is the woman about to hit?
What does the man in red want to do with the ball?
Why are the motorbikes lined up in a row?
What sort of court is this?
Who do the children smile at while bathing?
What kind of backsplash has been attached to the wall?
What type of station is this?
What does the boy have on his head?
In which city do these passengers board?
What company is known for making the item farthest to the right?
What are the people ready to do?
Where is the surfer located in?
What could have been the reason the bus is on the road but out of service?
The basket of salmon is currently being eaten at which location?
Why does the train have so many windows?
Why is the man in all black holding his arms out?
What this man doing?
What is near the plane?
What are these people in the front carrying?
This beverage tastes similar to what other beverage?
How many different cakes are there on the table?
The color on the vehicle that is above the headlights is the same color as what?
At least how many mammals are on the couch?
What was used to cook the meat and potatoes of the dish?
What type of vehicle is next to the sedan?
Where is the person who is in charge of the horse and carriage?
What is the person in black about to do?
What part of the world is this from?
What can the company whose name is shown do for you?
Which fruit in the picture contain more water content in it?
How many of the dozen donuts could be cream-filled?
During which weather would the bus stop here be most appreciated by riders?
What number is the jockey?
What is this wall used for?
During which time of day is it only ok to go straight or right?
THe animals being ridden are part of what classification?
What type music is offered here?
Why are the skis turned up in front?
What shape are the roofs?
What kind of vehicles are the three with flashing lights?
What type of crossing is this?
Why are the lights and images strange here?
How was the man able to get the plastic bags he is carrying?
What is the green sign for?
Why have these people sat down?
What is not allowed in this establishment?
Which track will passengers be unable to access should a train arrive on it?
What is the player going to do?
What type of store are the men most likely standing in?
Why is the boy holding his hands out?
Where is the man located?
What is prohibited when traveling into the right lane?
How does the woman direct here kite and control it?
What culture would be representative of this area?
What number is next to Q on the sign?
What type of truck is this?
Why are the people holding signs?
Who has the ball?
What country does this plane belong to?
How many wheels must vehicles in the left lane shown here as we face it have?
What other type of large animal might be found in this environment?
What are the yellow objects on the flat plate?
Who is going the fastest?
What is behind the two tall mirrors?
This person is laying near what?
What are the dark vegetables next to the carrots?
How intelligent would an animal have to be to do this?
What else would you probably see in this giant structure with oversized balls?
What type of bag does the man have with him?
The area on the left with sign displays is most likely what kind of location?
Why does the child sit in the suitcase?
What is the name of the path they're on?
Which root vegetable is on the plate?
What would be the most common clothing to see in this setting?
What is the cat sitting on?
Nintendo is manufacturer of what console?
What type of shop is this?
What language is shown on the front of the train?
Why do boats have portholes?
What is this horse's color pattern called?
What are these mugs sitting on top of?
What clothing item in white/grey are rolled up?
Which of the four seasons of the year is it?
What are the blue items used for?
What might be placed inside the object being used for seating here?
What is the tray on the coffee table filled with most likely as decoration?
What food is that bun normally used for?
What is the woman wearing on her feet?
Who might ride on this horses cart next?
What sort of event is being attended by the costumed riders?
What type of hat is the man wearing?
What will be loaded on the Load Master?
Traffic is blocked in which direction?
What is the man in yellow pants trying to do?
When it is dark at night what will the boats use as navigation?
How are the two people holding an umbrella related to each other?
What is the elbow in the background leaning on?
How is the cat on the couch illuminated?
What is the food being eaten with?
What surface are the people playing on?
Why is the man using a white object on the end of the bat?
What is in the water?
What multicolored food items do the two bowls contain?
Why are the three women walking together?
What did the man with an S on his shirt likely read when he was young?
How are the people feeling in this moment?
What type of alcohol is on the table?
What meal is being served?
What is the woman in the blue jacket standing on?
What general variety of fruit is shown?
What is the speed limit on this stretch of road?
Is it legal to take a right turn right ahead?
What's the capital city of his ancestral home?
What is she doing with the cat?
What does the man here drink?
In which country is this street located?
What have the rocks near the water been covered in?
What will the man in red to next?
Why are the cones orange?
What continent would this plane be from?
The animal in the middle is spreading what?
What is the big boat at the back doing?
What are men doing?
What is the person dragging?
Why is the man giving a thumbs up to the viewer?
What is the approximate age of the baby?
What are the circular areas of the umbrellas made from?
What number comes after the number on the player's jersey?
In what year did the final episode of this show air?
The player just hit the ball so he watches it while he runs to what base?
What materials are the chairs made of?
What type of parking is available?
What does the fenced in area behind the man lead to?
What is the purpose of the parasols shown here?
What is this biker doing?
What condition are the pizza in if they need to be in a pan?
What is being concealed by striped vest and overalls here?
What type of industry is sponsoring this event?
What is the small blue and white object on the right side of the sink called?
Why does the horse rider wear Blue costume?
What are the zebras emerging from?
What kind of products does the main sponsor produce?
The name of this animal rhymes best with what word?
What shared passion do these men enjoy?
Where can snow be found?
What would be the best use for this type of bike?
What car company is a major sponsor of the tennis matches?
How do these men know each other?
What kind of event is this?
Why are the horses in the water?
Which brand bike is shown in picture?
What is casted on the ground behind the bench?
What is this girl baking?
What role does the most heavily armored person shown here hold?
Why is the man holding a leg up high behind him?
Why are the people wearing orange shirts?
What activity is this man involved in?
What cartoon character does the Alarm clock owner prefer?
What does this company provide internationally?
Why are the clocks all facing different directions?
What meat product tops these hot dogs?
Who is in the greatest danger?
What is the item that the cat is on top of used for?
What type of animal produces this commodity?
What relationship exists between the man and the woman on the right?
What does the machine that is pushing the ball emit?
Why does he need the light to be on?
What company uses vehicles like this?
What are the two guys participating in?
What is the condition of the skateboard next to the boy with blue shoes?
How are bags identified here?
What is the man attempting to ride?
The pickup truck is carrying the dog during which season of the year?
What is pushing back the dog's fur?
Which type of glass is used in bus front windshield?
What item does she wish she had right now?
What does this vehicle collect along its route?
What would the pink item normally be put on?
What is near the woman?
What type beverage is the woman having?
What sort of product is the pink box advertising?
What do these men seem to be?
What athlete was born on the continent whose name appears on the plane?
What was left behind on the bench?
What is the woman doing beside the dog?
It's unlikely that he's on which floor?
How do the book's pages appear to her that's different than normal?
What are the green tags on the animals ears for?
What is unusually long here?
Why are they so close?
What are is the image from?
What would be the reason a person on the field is dressed in orange and black?
The stop sign was defaced with a reference to which rock group?
What is the elephant on the far right next to?
What is the role of the person behind the counter?
Why are the shirts hanging outside the bus?
What position is the man in the green shirt?
What is the woman looking down at?
Why would you use the pictured stairs?
Where is the fire hydrant located?
Those crackers taste like what?
How did the people standing near the lighthouse get there?
What is the man walking to?
The boy is most likely eating what?
What item usually comes in a similar container?
What material is the shield on the woman's face made of?
What is the problem with this photo?
Where does the cat get his water from?
What do both of the people have on their heads?
What is the white poster near the woman used for?
The flag represents which country?
What are the arrow signs telling people?
Why is the plane hanging in the air?
What sport is this?
The display is part of which retail store?
What are the people walking in?
From where is the light most likely coming?
What type of animal can be seen on top of the shelf near the back doors?
In which European country can this ornate clock be found?
Which photo goes first?
What kind of stand is shown?
What animal is known for eating the item on the plate?
What is the main purpose for all of the older style sail boats to be on the water?
Which person gets the most soaked?
What venue is this person sitting at?
What does the business sell?
Why is the woman wearing a diamond ring?
What type of site is this?
What type of sink is this?
Where will he put the yellow and black object?
This activity is most associated with which people group?
What type of buildings are these?
Why are they both trying to kick the ball?
What does the man have around his neck?
What made the slot for the filling?
What are the people holding the umbrellas trying to avoid?
What type taste does the item shown here have?
Why is the ball so close to the racquet?
How are dishes cleaned here?
Dark condition is due to the absence of which molecule?
What companies logo can be seen on the white snow ramp?
What is next to the elephant?
What would happen to his speed if he moved to the green area?
What energy moves these boats?
What is the entertainment tonight for the people eating dinner?
Why is this woman standing outside?
What does the sign on the building indicate might be obtained there?
Why does the truck have sign on top?
What is the orange cone for?
What kitchen appliance is against the wall?
What is locked to the street sign?
What is the purpose of the cones?
Which head covering is made of the hardest material?
The logo in the skirt indicates which brand?
What color is the boy in the red jacket's hood?
The object the man is flying has a similar color pattern to what animal?
What area is behind Plane runway?
What are the women doing on the road?
What are the women most probably using the open umbrellas for?
What is next to the dog?
Why are some of the animals smaller than other?
What meat is most likely being served with this dish?
Who holds an all-time record in a statistical category of this sport?
Which conveyance pictured here uses less gas?
What is the ground covered with?
What number is closest to how many people are under the middle umbrella?
How full does he hope the boat will be at the end of the day?
For what is the woman using the umbrella?
What are these kids doing?
What period of the day is shown in the image?
What might you need to us the item on the left?
What kind of a number is on the bike?
What action is the person doing?
Which topping contains the highest level of sodium?
What type of flower pot is this?
Why are they holding the glasses up?
What area is shown here?
What pattern is the paper under the pizza?
Why is the white board underneath them?
What is the highest symbol representative of?
What allows the woman on the bike to carry needed items safely?
What is near the neatly stacked up items?
What mammal is referenced on the adult male's shirt?
Where is the vehicle located?
What vehicle is stored in front of the boat?
What could assist someone who cannot swim here?
What are the group of people attempting to do?
What is inside the pastry shown here?
What are the men doing in the truck?
What does she fear might happen?
What devices would the word at the top be associated with?
What fuel does the ferry run on?
What's the baby done to get so messy?
What is on the end of tigger's head?
What is this boat called?
What animals are seen?
What type of transportation is shown?
Why are they holding the ropes?
What stylized image does the boy who is having a birthday today wear?
What does the word on the back of car represent?
Why is the bus blurred in the picture?
What are the people lining up for?
What is the red bus engaging in?
What can someone know by looking at the white tower?
What type of weather is the beach seeing today?
How many inches long is the hot dog he is holding?
What time of day are the people skiing?
What household food might you find in the object on the right?
Where is she most likely having a conversation on her cellphone?
In which continent is this scene more likely to be typical?
What does the blue road sign warn of?
What object are the giraffes next to?
What type of vehicles are the men riding on?
When was the advertised company founded?
What do you have to add to the number on the yellow sign to get to 50?
What is the woman doing with the device in her right hand?
What is this man experiencing?
What was the lady carrying a bag doing inside the place she is exiting?
What is the profession of the men on horses?
What part of the bus needs good traction to ride safely?
The round green items on the food are also usually found in what color?
What is he doing?
What is the bus next to?
What do people do here?
To what public place is this car likely headed?
The country this plane is from has people that are likely descended from what historical figure?
What type of birds are on the ground in front of the man?
How many competitive teams are shown?
What kind of bread is this?
What protection is offered within the long socks?
Where can you see a copyright symbol?
What is the endure motor cycle designed for?
Why is the man on the beach holding the object?
Regarding cooking pizza what did the cook do regarding cook time here?
In which country were eyeglasses invented?
What type of buildings are the striped tall ones?
What part of a car is symbolized in the objects they are holding?
What would you most likely do with a card near here?
What is this appliance used for?
The skier wearing what color of outfit is at a different height than others?
When did the TV company start using this name?
In which object was the item being photographed prepared?
What is most likely in the can that the child has taken from the fridge?
What flutters just beneath the main body of this kite?
What is the reason behind the wet nose of dog?
What type of food is in the image?
What is the gold pole used for?
What do the orange cones set out signify?
What is the shape of this kite?
Why is the animal on the ground?
What do the people with the gray and black umbrella with the logo want to do?
The kicking animal is likely a hybrid of which two animals?
What type of creatures are eating the oranges?
After traversing over the jump what natural force will cause the boarder to return to the ground?
Why is the taller person smiling?
Who is likely her sponsor?
What type of stand is this?
During what time of day are the pedestrians walking on this sidewalk?
What is the device on the right side of the desk used for?
What type of home do the brochures on the table suggest it is?
How do the skiers get to the top of the hill?
Which container holds the food the child here will eat?
What is the green light on the rectangular traffic light permitting?
Where is this cat located?
What are the objects near the front of the black gate considered?
This bird is native to which country?
Which sport may someone be a fan of given the type of sports object on the desk?
What is the make of the parked car?
What is the man hoping to do by skating between the two green cones?
What is the beverage in the glass?
Where does this tool have to go to get used?
Why is there a yellow line on the ground?
What type of phone is being used?
What animal is the same color as the couch nearest to the lamp?
What two individuals are being judged?
Why is the skateboard hanging there?
Where are the athlete's feet?
Why is the woman wearing sandals?
Why wear a collar?
What type flag elements appear in a pictured umbrella?
Why are all 4 boys similarly touching their neckties?
What is the statue shaped like?
Why is the child laying there?
What trick is this skateboarder performing?
What is he doing?
What do the horses here hope the people have?
What are is the image from?
Which team's logo is seen behind home plate?
What feeling does this cat most likely seem to be portraying?
What book is more favored by the owner of this boat?
Where is this bicycle storage depot most probably located based on the language on the sign?
Who played this sport?
What breed the dog is?
What type of electronic is on the table?
Where is the woman in Pink Going?
What sort of product do ad men use these type horses to market?
What is the emotion of the cat?
Which side is in the lead in this match thus far?
At least how many different people likely share this space?
Why are the boys wearing hard plastic helmets?
What is matching the color of her jacket?
What criminal organization of often associated with this method of transportation?
What type of restaurant is serving this food?
This store likely sells what?
Why are their skateboards off the ground?
The owner of the nearest Bicycle here has which role?
What does the M on the signs stand for?
What direction is the person skating in relation to the road?
What's the name of the red object on the stove?
Which country does this airline headquarter in?
Why are the flying objects three different colors?
Who can open this?
What is unusual about this carrot?
What sport are the women playing?
What type of furniture is the girl sitting on?
Why is there a sign on the bed?
What operation should be done with the numbers to arrive at the years of steam power?
What is she taking a photo of?
What is the item on the left side of the mirror?
What is the job of the men on the horses?
What is the red wall behind the fence made of?
What does the giant ball do?
What are the horses pulling?
What does the giraffe in front of the man have in its mouth?
Who is now sitting at the table in the foreground?
What is the person wearing?
What color is the suitcase on the luggage rack underneath the number two?
What is the reddish colored room made from?
What is the most likely reason that the bike is covered where it is?
What kind of vehicle will stop in this depot in the future?
What modern invention is seen here to help the wagon move smoother?
Where do tangerines originate from?
What type of setting does this seem to be?
What other animal is there besides zebras?
Which woman emerged victorious in this tournament?
What kind of swinging technic is this?
How is the blue vessel moved here?
What type of milk is in the fridge?
What is the person in the foreground doing?
Where is the head of this person?
What faith does the man in the glasses practice?
Who is the player wearing red boots?
Which characteristic describes the front elephant accurately?
What are the people looking at in the room?
What kind of animal is the cartoon face on the left?
The man in the middle has what feature?
What does the man on the bike do for a living?
What operating system does this computer operate on?
What does this man do?
What does the shown speed likely correlate to?
If you had to cross to the other side how would you do it?
What is usually put on this kind of bread and possibly already on this kind of bread?
What is being poured here?
What is behind the dog on a skateboard?
What visible item can be used to identify the origin of boats here?
What was installed on both the computers?
What expression does the woman that is directly behind the woman holding her phone up have on her face?
What is the most probable reason his face is red?
What animal is picture in this image?
What season is the athlete performing in?
How might you be considered if you set a fire here?
What does this man wait for?
What holiday is the store decorated for?
What type of restaurant does this appear to be?
The front of the vehicle is mostly the color of what?
When the entities shown on screen leave how many different prints are left with each set of steps taken by them?
What type of food is in the box?
What should the silver and black cars nearest here do?
What fun item can be seen in the photo?
In what is the most likely type of structure is this room?
What brand of electronics are being utilized?
What might prevent the animals from going to the rightmost side of the image?
What holiday is being Celebrated here?
What are the people sitting outside the building doing?
What happened to this person?
What does the man all the way to the right have on his head?
Why is the boy wearing purple touching the bottom of the skateboard?
What is a unique feature of these animals?
What food group has been produced by these plants?
Who might use the boat on the beach?
What is the woman telling the dogs to do?
What age person is likely to ride in the back seat here?
What is the doctor doing to this person's leg?
What muscles in the male showing off?
What type religion is sheltered here?
What does the object use to speed?
Why are the boxes lined up and on display?
What color are her glasses?
What floor level are these drinks on?
Where are these people located?
What breakfast food shares the same name of the sweet treat the girl is holding?
What is the woman diving into?
What utensil are the people holding?
How many women are kissing the man?
What food and beverage purveyor did this woman visit most recently?
How would pouring the red stuff on the pizza change it?
What structure is atop the elephant?
What pedal does the driver of the black van have their foot on?
Which skiers gather under the pavilion nearest here?
Who is going to serve the ball?
What type of pants is the man wearing?
Those birds are related to what other type of bird?
What matches the color of the car?
What is next to each pizza pie?
How might people here propel themselves forward if they aren't going downhill?
What is the white ingredient in the cup by the pickle?
What is the umbrella used to block?
What type of room is this?
What is this man's hobby?
What has been in this location the longest?
What color is the largest fruit on the plate?
Why are the people carrying umbrellas?
What type of phone is nearby?
What feature is this animal most known for?
What is likely used in the item under the bricks on the left?
Where are these people standing?
What is the parent organization of the SUV?
What are they doing with the spatulas?
Upon what surfaced court is this game being played?
What was this home team's previous name?
To what location is the man on the bike headed?
What shines on the plate under the biscuit?
What degree did she get to qualify for this role?
Why is the batter wearing gloves?
Why is the woman wearing a triangular hat?
What powers the item this man works on?
What is the man playing on?
What type of ramp is the skateboarder jumping off?
What is the girl doing with the device she is holding?
Which activity are the boots that the girls are wearing best used for?
What is on the plate all the way to the right?
What sort of activity are we seeing here?
What is following someone you are attracted to called?
What sort of sounding device might be located above the clock?
Why does the man have his arms out?
What item will allow for food to retain their freshness?
What is the destination for the bus waiting in traffic?
What is the pastry to the right of the chocolate donut called?
The person cooking should beware at this point because the water is at what stage?
What does the light from the appliance with a door best let you see?
What is above the horses?
What has caused the roads to look reflective?
What is this man selling?
This is in the great state of?
What is the vehicle design inspired from?
What sort of art were people here recently enjoying?
Why are there two pizzas?
Where is the cat hanging out most likely?
What could likely happen to you on this bench?
What is most likely being transmitted via the headphones?
This scene takes place during when?
What is the job of this bull?
This computer desk is in what type of building?
What company makes the sneakers the girls are wearing?
Why are all those balloons in the boat?
What country is this venue situated in?
What is the woman's hat made out of?
What country is this location?
What is the rack near the bus used for?
What should be the weight of cricket ball?
Why is the food unhealthy?
The person standing by the water in a bikini is holding what?
What type of business is shown?
What word is on the ground in white letters?
What is this activity?
What does the sky depict about the weather?
What does AllPlay sell?
Who are all the people amassed behind the skiers watching standing still?
The animals without wings have how many legs combined?
What is the red vest the person in the boat is wearing called?
What are the motorcyclists engaging in?
What is the woman holding white items looking at?
Which vitamin is rich in apple?
Martin Weissburg is a President of which American truck manufacturing company?
What is the man trying to teach the young girl?
What items are sold here?
Why are there so many people on the boat?
Where did the skateboarder begin this move from?
What is the mode of feeding of this animals?
Why would this person load the back of their car with these?
What is listed on the chalkboard here?
What sort of traffic is forbidden during this time?
Who was born in the country that the town on the top of the bus is located in?
What is the woman on the bike using the bridge to cross over?
What is the collection of photos on the wall called?
To whom does the woman want to throw the frisbee?
The thing sitting on the couch is the girl's what?
To what is this sail attached?
What sort of cooking device is found in the food truck here?
What is this seat used for?
What is often the maximum weight each baggage can be in kilograms?
The person in the lead is wearing what color jacket?
What maneuver did this plane just do?
What is the black object on the back of the vessel used for?
What is the most probable location of this town square?
What are the fences made out of?
What utensil is in full view on the table alongside a knife and spoon?
What type of bed is shown?
What are the helmets shells made from?
What is in the air?
What does the child cuddle?
What color vest does the person batting next wear?
Given the toppings who would best enjoy eating this kind of pizza?
What is missing in the picture that is typical at beaches?
What is the terrain near the parking lot?
What do the cones mark?
How many people can this area accommodate comfortably?
What is the structure covered with snow called?
What color is the seat of the oriental chair on top of the rug?
What player wears the same jersey number of the boy but plays a different sport?
The blue translucent container in the lower right corner dispenses what?
What is the woman wearing?
What is the gray electronic device mounted above the red sign on the left?
The set of parallel electric lines are used to power what on the road below?
What vehicle are the people riding on?
What wrestler has a similar first name to the word that appears above power?
What ensigns are shown at the top most part of this building?
What is the man in the green sweater on the left doing?
Which object in the room is the most mobile?
Why does he have the racquet behind him?
What is the purpose of the stuffed teddy bear in the statue's hand?
What was the first name of Mr. Harley?
Which Salem is in the picture?
What natural element might interrupt the frisbee here?
What is the man at the curb sitting down doing?
What does the woman intend to do?
What was the first item manufactured by the company that makes the remote?
What is the contents of the donuts with no holes?
Why are the men wearing red lanyards?
What is the blue thing in front of the woman intended for?
What are the two putting on the dough?
The lizard in the sign holds the same equipment as does who seen here?
What special group of people are accommodated in the bus?
Which animal does closely resemble the kite flown above the beach by the young child?
People gathered here will enjoy what type of art?
The orange bear is made of what material?
What is in the plate further away?
What allows the person in this image to be taller?
What city are they in?
Why is the sky getting dark in this location?
What would be the typical diet of these cows?
What player does 28 focus on now?
What part is missing on all the toilets?
What is in the white basket near the woman wearing red?
What type of area is shown?
Who is the sign for?
What sandwich shares a name with the buses?
Why does the man stand so strangely here?
What do the trains likely carry?
Where is this image taken?
Which bus company owns this bus?
The lines on the sand were made by what part of a vehicle?
What is the translation of the team's name?
What device is the boy holding?
What is the area where the boy is riding his bike?
What is the white object on the bike frame used for?
Which term would best describe this woman?
What's the name for the type of car in green?
What is the man doing on the board?
The coffee mug is placed on the bench in which structure?
What type of board is the man using?
What animals might be found in the pond here?
What countries flag is seen on the boats?
The train is parked near what type of body of water?
What powers this mode of transportation?
Why do hunters hunt this animal?
What's the name of the skate technique the man is doing?
How did the gravel get on the train?
What is the kitten doing?
Which object on the table is still alive?
What is this activity for?
What is the person lunging for?
What is the person without a skateboard doing at the skate park?
People in this area are proud of having heritage from which country?
What is the man doing with the pole?
What is the bus doing?
What is the meaning of the arrows on the sign?
What is the grey car driving on?
What illegal action can be seen here?
What does Red Bull do to this show?
What is she about to do?
What is the man using the computer to do?
What type of area is this?
What type of even is being held?
What is moving the fastest in this scene?
What is the red vehicle?
What plants help heat this space?
Why does she haver her shoes off?
What kind of skate trick is the man doing?
What mass transit units sit parked here?
What are the people playing?
What type of professional would use this silver and green object?
What consumer electronic company made the white gaming displays?
What do the triangular pieces harness?
What color are the beaks of these birds?
What species of elephants are these?
Where can you find this scene?
What are these people doing here?
What is the item next to the wheel that her hand is touching?
Which famous person fits the description on the bottom of the board?
What brand's name is on the hat?
Where is this location?
What is the red object on the left side of the table used for?
What professional is one likely to meet with in this room?
What is sitting in front of the man?
Which provide quick solution for wiping sweat during match?
Who is the most famous surfer?
What is rain meteorology?
Why is the vehicle stopped?
Where will they put that sauce?
What countries flag is in the middle position?
What is the downtown loop map for?
In what kind of area is the woman riding her skateboard?
The monument is located within what type of roadway construction?
What type of people utilize the space seen here?
The item the woman has over her eyes was featured in a song by what artist?
What sort of beverages are most readily available here?
What do these people do together?
What are the cabinets in the background called?
How long does it take for luggage to get to the carousel?
Why are the bases of the towers brightly colored?
What type of business is being advertised on that sign?
Where is the man pointing his camera?
What are the horses doing?
What base is the photographer standing behind?
What British sport could this ball be used for?
What is the third veggie called that cooked with the potatoes and carrots?
What type of vehicle is present?
What dressing is traditionally added to this?
What fungal growth is visible here?
The item on the right is most likely a cooked version of what?
What type of shot is the boy about to hit?
What are the wires above the train used for?
What is a famous company that makes the device the man is holding?
What character does the man looking at his cell phone play?
What will the dog do with the ball?
Why is the kid putting her hand close to the sheep?
The theme of the decorating being done here includes what most prominently?
What is the relationship between the two women?
If 27 hits the ball well which way will they run?
What is this type of play called?
What is he about to do?
What part of this man's body is most likely to first touch the ball?
Which fruit contains the highest amount of potassium?
What are the corded objects used for?
What type of shot is the man hitting?
What country do the noodles originate from?
What material is the brown floor made of?
Why is the dog mostly dry?
What will come out of the oven?
What type of transportation is this?
What is the woman talking about?
How many of what is standing in front of the elephant looking to the right?
How many distinct toppings are on this pizza?
What shot is the player making?
What does the man have on?
What type of drink is in the can?
What is the boy ready to do?
What is the man in the red jacket doing in the road?
What hour of the day is it in their language?
Why are there bars on the door?
What type of transportation is shown?
Who is flying the kite?
This vehicle is more likely to fly to what destination?
What type of sandwich is this?
The stuffy animal is made of what material?
What in her vicinity can she use to wipe her mouth?
Who painted this area?
What is the name of the store this donut came from?
What is the purple outfit the woman is wearing called?
Why is the white van parked in the lot?
What are most people gathered around?
Where was this picture likely taken from?
Why did the bike rider bring those two bottles?
What is the man grabbing out of the trees?
What material is this hat made of?
The wooden item on the bathtub is good for holding what?
What is the green umbrella being used to block?
What is the purpose of the many black chords?
What part of a beach are the translucent blue objects made from?
Who are the bus's passengers?
During which season are these people enjoying the park?
Which mart is seen in near the taxi?
Which sponsor appears on the jersey?
Why is the man wearing a monster helmet?
The woman wants to throw the plate to whom?
The women picked the fruit before it was what?
What multiple person sport is being played?
What is the rod sticking out of the suitcase used for?
What will the people standing by the Train do next?
What is a process that is related to these animals?
Performing skating around a straight line of equally spaced cones is called?
Which car violates the law?
Why are the the two riders wearing helmets?
The symbol on the top right of the bus means this bus is equipped with what?
Who is the man playing tennis with?
What mode of transportation is being utilized here?
Solingen HBF railways in?
The truck most likely transports what kind of goods?
This layer of icing is known as the what?
What is he doing with his finger?
What is the cat resting inside?
To what does the two wheels most likely belong?
Which bowl's contents would be most dry to the touch?
What is the furniture the cat laying on?
What would these devices normally be found resting on?
What is the person who is aloft attempting to do with the frisbee?
What type of productivity work is being done on the white monitor connected to the laptop?
What beverage is the man drinking?
What is on the plate?
The dogs face danger of falling off if the rider does what?
What is the game controller called?
Why are they holding stuffed animals?
What sport is the cartoon dog playing?
What type of writing is on the can?
What type fried vegetable is shown here?
What kind of food eater is the animal?
Why is there a chord connected to the device the man is using?
Boston Cream Doughnut covered with what?
How many kind of kite shapes available?
Why do they impersonate females?
What type beverage is the woman enjoying with her food?
What handedness does this person have?
This frisbee is how many grams?
What type of transportation is this?
What is the opposite form of this pitch?
Which side of the bus can people enter through?
What is on the desk?
What is the snow ramp being used for?
The brown blocks came from what type of plant?
Why did this couple take a break?
What is the man replacing on the tire?
Why is he standing next to the truck?
What are they doing?
What make of vehicle is following the bus?
What is he doing?
When is the type of meal above favorable to be served?
What is the brand of the skis?
What is the Smucker's product replacing?
What type of location is this?
What is he doing?
What state is this van from?
Why is the dog in the basket?
What is the woman packing her luggage in?
Which one of these goals would he love to achieve?
Where will this person who holds a pink umbrella go to next?
What activity is the individual engaging in?
What are people doing?
What's connected to the back of the chair?
What is the woman on the bike using?
How many adults are there in picture?
What does the kid use the yellow object for?
What type of surface can be found past the rock wall to the right of the road?
What is the elephant doing?
In what venue is the skateboarder practicing his tricks?
Which type of meat does the animals above provide?
What period of the day is shown here?
After making one full circuit of their route starting from here where will this bus return?
How many keys are present in Wii remote?
Where is the train stopped?
Who is flying these vehicles?
What type of worker would be found here?
The planes are executing a what?
What country is known for selling fruit from boats as shown in the image?
What is this dog ready to do?
What can the object the person is leaning on be used for?
What type of heat is shown?
How are the people related to one another?
What is covering the fries?
Why is the blanket wrapped around her?
What is the tower used for?
How many gun surf boards are there?
Why are the men standing around a plane?
This office processes which one of these items?
What is the box made of?
What material is the green bottle made of?
The smaller glasses are designed for?
Where have these people gathered?
What is the brown area behind the bench made of?
What nut was used to make this treat?
What does the MP here likely stand for?
Where is the woman sitting?
What are the scissors primarily used for most probably?
What part does this animal have that is absent in humans?
What are the things on top of giraffes heads?
What activity do most people here want to do today?
What mode of transportation are they?
What is the shadow of?
What sort of climate might the trees in the background be most likely to be found in?
Why is she lookin away from everybody else?
What type setting do these men pose in?
What is strange about the toilet paper?
What material do these animals provide for clothing?
What could offer protection from the sun?
Which direction is the entrance according to the sign?
Why are umbrellas being used?
What type of maneuver is the sign by the traffic light prohibiting?
What skating footwear do the women have?
What type of signs are these?
What state is the dog in?
What will the bikers shown here have for lunch today?
What is the vehicle in the sky on the right called?
What is the girl in the pink bikini looking at?
The large word on the box near the top of the shelf is also the name of a company that specializes in what?
Which Minnesota Twins catcher is at the bat?
Which United States president was born in this car's state?
What is the grey statue supposed to be?
What language does the name on the side of the largest vehicle here come from?
The object in the air is in the shape of what animal?
What is the first activity that is not allowed on the ice?
Besides Asia what continent are these animals found on?
What type dried plants are the cows eating here?
What is the woman in yellow doing on the horse?
Where are the three men in orange and white having their discussion?
The word in big letters in the middle is also a city in what country?
The person wearing what color of outfit is in the greatest danger?
What is likely to start Sept. 29 here?
What event is taking place here?
Why is the man holding the camera?
What type of tree is most likely in the house?
What is the person on the left wearing?
What continent is this most likely on?
What color is the line on the floor that is all the way to the right?
What chair would best fit either child?
What do the carts carry to the airplane here?
What is the elephant using to spray water?
What is the person in the white coat doing?
What person is known for competing in this sport?
What's happening to this guy?
What hockey team does the batter's jersey signify?
Why is there no logo on the plane?
What is the man in a white shirt's vector?
What type of transportation is shown?
What can people do in this location?
What makes this woman's task easier?
What vehicle manufacturer's logo is seen on the hub cap on the left?
What video game company's product name is seen here?
What is the man in the mural using?
What type of signs are shown?
These women enjoy what sport as referred to by it's European moniker?
What's most likely in the box?
Which nation's flag is hanging from the statue?
What are the people most likely looking at?
What being's pattern does that umbrella pattern vaguely resemble?
What power moves the Daily Express vehicle?
What tag hangs from this man's front?
What day of the week is it?
What country does the name of the boat originate from?
Where is it dangerous to stick their finger into?
What's the woman that's bending over doing?
What should the man wear before the activity for protection?
Who is the president of the front skier's country?
What is this mode of transportation called?
What kind of software is the left computer running?
What is visible in window of the tall structure that is white?
What is strung on the fence to keep the cows in?
What event are the people participating in?
The plane is most likely dropping off what to the people?
Why is the woman holding the object near the child's head?
The flag has colors similar to what other country's flag?
What type of sign is shown?
Which form of transportation seen here is more versatile in it's stopping or parking places?
What venue is shown here?
What is the green plastic thing on the baby's chest for?
What country's flag colors are represented on the pole?
What famous Christmas sweet is associated with the color of the seller's stand?
Why are the men's vests orange in color?
What do you do with the thing attached to the front of the bus?
What might this animal leave behind when leaving it's chair?
What is most likely causing the man's pocket to bulge?
What type of outfit are the men on the motorcycles wearing?
What company is known for making the objects in the man's pocket?
What is the cause of the bright spot in the center of the mirror on the wall?
What problem is posed by the man's shoes?
What is the purpose of the orange buoys?
What are the people in the first row doing?
What word rhymes with the number on the man's shirt?
What is the name of the red flower on the man's lapel?
What area of London does the bus go to?
What period of the day is it in the picture?
What's likely the word between see and now on the person's back?
What is unusual about the man's skateboard?
Where is the dog's owner?
What MLB team does the man up at bat play for?
What is the small child's tie made out of?
What is the black under the man's chin?
What might the item on the woman's face be used to shield from?
What's the girl in the back's situation?
What is this woman's profession?
Why is the man's vest yellow in color?
What item here is held by knotting?
What does the unit named Kohler provide?
What is this expanse of poured cement?
What animal is on the sticker of the white laptop?
Why are they on the pavement?
Who is the husband of the woman referenced in the bible who's name is on the top window?
What is the expression on the woman's face?
What can't be done in this room?
On this day the weather was?
What media company produced the franchise on the boy's shirt?
What's the purpose of the poled items?
Which person will try this cake first?
The translation of the warning states that objects are what than they appear?
What is in the mouth of the horse?
Why are the animals eyes white?
What is the seated man's profession?
What colors are on the child's shirt who's birthday it is?
What video game is advertised on the bus?
How was the sink's countertop geologically formed?
What brand are the batter's shoes?
Which truck does this dog's owner possess?
The man with white gloves on plays for what team?
What is the cable on the man's leg called?
Why is the black banner most likely flying in the snowboarder's location?
This attire is appropriate for what kind of event?
The shade seen here was made from what fibers?
What are the black triangular pieces on the board called?
What is the item on the ceiling most likely?
What does the fence prevent the dogs from doing?
What company's mascot can be seen on the right next to the donut?
How many liters of oil can be used in this machine per batch?
What do the apples in the basket have that the other fruits don't?
What pattern is the women's pants?
What type of pizza is this?
Why are all these phones here?
What country does the sponsor closest to the camera have it's headquarters located?
What is the woman doing?
What's being featured on the TV in this home?
What is the man wearing jeans looking at?
What is to the left of the cone?
What size are these beds?
Who in the greatest danger?
What is the man's profession?
Where is this vehicle's motor located?
What as the tobe passengers acting as?
What's the name of the thin structures in the water coming from the land?
Why is the plane on the grass?
What is the man's jacket made out of?
What type of pants does the woman in the red hat have on?
What of food is on the table?
What type of shot is the woman hitting?
What's holding the motorcycle up?
Where can you find the light brown items that are decorating the bottom of the cake?
What country is represented by the eagle symbol?
The treats eaten here are prepared in what boiling hot substance?
What tips you off that this person isn't actually using the bathroom here?
Which writing shown on official signage was most likely put there in violation of law?
The color of the boy's outfit matches the colors of the costume of what super hero?
What type of seating is the little girl on the right sitting in?
What is the man playing?
What sport is on the TV?
What helps keep the players feet on the board?
If this were a hotel bathroom what kind of hotel would it be?
What is most likely on the ground outside the image's frame?
What type of environment would the extra long bus normally be seen?
What did the child do with the Frisbee that's making him smile?
What is strange about this person's arm?
What is the red thing near the man's mouth?
What other type of things use this surface besides basketball players?
What type of building would these toilets be found in?
What is different about the batter from most batters?
What is the function of the board under the boys feet?
How is the boy's sweater done up?
What is the elephant statue being placed on?
What's the name of the extreme sport the guy is doing?
The brim of his hat is helpful for blocking the sun from getting into his what?
What does the sign behind the stop sign tell drivers they are unable to do?
What direction are the stripes on the person's shirt going?
What does the writing on the shirt mean?
What is the maximum number of people the pink vehicle can safely carry?
Where does this man play ball?
What is the person's occupation?
What makes up the bulk of this bird's diet?
What is the man in black at the top right's position?
Why is the bike's kickstand on a board?
Why are horses eyes covered?
Who pays this man's salary?
Which item here might be most likely to make someone cry?
This slowly moving horse is doing what?
Why are the two vehicle allowed in the area that says do not enter?
What fruit used to prepare items here is darkest?
What kind of transportation is shown?
What are they doing?
What price is Coca Cola Advertised at here?
What types of sheep are these?
What is the person near the boat's yellow clothing for?
What food group is being served?
What is the first name of the President that this street is named after?
What is the white thing around the boy's mouth?
How much was the inventor of this appliance paid for his invention?
Why are the girl's arms out?
What is the girl holding in her hand?
What does the blue P sign mean?
Who are the passengers inside the red bus?
What type of transportation is shown?
What is the only part of the display that is actually normal size?
Which car propels the train along the tracks?
What flavor will be tasted at the top that contrasts the icing's flavor?
Which type of mouse is pictured?
The title of one of the books means Many Happy Returns in what language?
The pathway and alley here are constructed by using what?
In which city is this shopping area located most probably?
What purpose does the large disk on this person's head serve most here?
What's the woman standing in front of the seated woman for?
What's the name of the man on the skateboard's hairstyle?
What was the original spelling of this company's name?
What secures this person's shoes?
What genus does this fruit belong to?
What protects the observers from a stray ball?
Which children's author's creation does this man show off?
What stone is on the boy's black baseball cap?
What is the purpose of the red cylinders on the man's head?
What is the man near the giraffes job?
What kind of bag is hanging from the cupboard?
How is the young boy's green shirt done up?
Who's washroom is this?
Which is widely used in many cuisines as a spice to add pungent 'heat' to dishes?
What's probably casting the nearby shadow?
What is this man's profession?
Why is the man's hat orange in color?
What is the man wearing on his wrists?
What are they waiting in line for?
What is the name of the part of the motorcycle directly in front of the rider's face?
How is this steak cooked?
What are the teddy bears arranged to look like they're doing?
What's happening with these toilets?
What material is the sink made of?
What material is beneath the person's feet here?
What is the man doing in the venue?
What are the men doing with the food?
In what type event does the Motorcyclist drive?
What are the small grey objects in between the rails?
What does the printing on the mat indicate?
Why do the animals have their heads to the ground?
What time of day is it here?
What country's dining is being emulated?
Why are the underpants hanging there?
What do these people mostly consume?
The helmet on top of the motorcycle's handlebars is painted to resemble what?
What book is the man's sign referencing?
Why are the fences lower than the giraffe's neck?
Starting from the right which bunch of bananas will go bad first?
Which vehicle uses the most fuel to get around?
How many people make up this family?
What is most closely related to the smaller animals here?
What color are the stripes on the top of the fishing boat?
What is an ingredient in this dish?
A popular brand of what mode of transportation is advertised at the airfield?
What color is the carrier case for the sail of the left sailboat?
What is the area with the microwave called?
How many lamps are placed in the corners of the bookshelf behind the red couch?
What word describes this animal?
What is near the toilet?
What part of the man is closest to the horse?
Who owns the vehicle on the left?
What kind of vegetable is in the middle to the right of the green onion and having a bulbous red root?
What type of fruit is at the front of this fruit basket ahead of all of the oranges?
What animal is scurrying towards the right?
What is on the fruit?
What color is the shampoo bottle sitting inside of the shower floor?
What is in front of the zebra?
What civilization does the artwork on this vase depict?
What does the man in the green shirt likely want to do?
What is in front of the woman?
What color are the nike emblems on the side of this skater's shoes?
How many oxen are pulling the log down the hill?
What kind of work are the elephants used for?
What kind of structure is in the background above all of the boats?
What is near the typing person?
How many little giraffes are traveling with this small group?
What video game console is being played by the two people in front?
Where is this person eating pizza?
What color are the leaves where the banana bunch is resting upon?
What is next to the birds?
What style of hair does the man behind the woman have on?
How many different flavors?
What are all of the little sheep gathered around?
What is on the pizza?
What are the people playing?
What person's first name appears on the largest vehicle?
How many items appear to be made of porcelain?
What kind of meat is served on the plate with all the seafood and vegetables?
What kind of green leaf is covering the pizza?
What color is the skiers jacket who is skiing on the left?
What color is the collar worn on the shirt with the man having his tie tied?
What do all these animals have in common?
What type of person uses this facility?
What would most likely be sold here?
What is on the grass?
What is there fastened to the top of the wings on this aircraft?
What sport is this?
What is on the desk at the left side of the room?
What year was the company founded whose sign appears above the lagging bus?
What are the team colors for the team playing at pitch?
Which part of the dog held aloft by the man is shaved?
What are the horses near?
What color are the fruits resting atop the fruitbowl of the middle?
Where is the dog sitting?
What kind of meat is on the top of the plate near to the strange rock design?
What is the man holding?
What place could the red shirt refer to?
What kind of climate is this?
What are the objects held in the small group of people at the mouth of this road?
What is protecting the person on the left's hands?
What material is covering the tree so the giraffes can live with it?
What color are the edges of the wheels on the skateboard with the man sitting on it?
What is at the top of this corner in the middle of the city square?
Which gaming system is the white remote for on the table?
What color is the jacket worn by the man in the center of the skiers?
What color are the decorations on the face of the elephant with pink ear tips?
What is duplicated but different sizes next to the cake?
What material forms the cross around the neck of the bear in the religious robe?
What kind of winter sport equipment is the man preparing to at the top of the mountain?
What is near the tree?
The zebras in the middle of the field are busy doing what?
Who is playing tennis?
How many giraffes are walking around on top of the green savannah?
What company owns this vehicle?
What color is the bumper underneath of the license plate on the back of the bus?
What is the red sauce that is covering the hot dog sausages?
What color are the park benches are in the waiting area for this bus lane?
What does the item in the foreground require?
How many metallic squares encapsulate the mirror in the hotel wall?
How many geese are standing on the side of the marina?
What do the directional signs in the middle of the photo point to?
Who uses the item in the sky the most?
What year was the company founded whose name appears on the sticker?
What is flying in the sky above the lake harbor?
What color are the sofa seats surrounding the table on the rug?
What kind of buses are in the derby for demolition?
What is the number on the train?
What color is the background of the hearts in the center of the staircase?
What company makes the phone?
How does the temperature likely feel?
Which item on the plate is highest in carbs if the person ate all of it?
What is above the water?
What kind of event is this?
What color is the toothbrush in the jar on the counter?
What kind of vehicle is seen above the large freeway?
The first three letters of the name of the street form the first name of what actor?
How many zebras are contained by the chainlink fence to forage grass?
What breed of dog is held by the woman near the cow pasture?
What is the most likely continent for this setting?
How many portraits are found to be hung on the walls of this living room area?
What is on the grass?
What time of day is most likely?
What video game has settings like this?
How many chairs are against the windows behind the television?
What is the primary color of the frisbee held by the man that is bitten by this dog?
What is the glass item on top of the counter?
What color are the speakers on the top of the stereo set on either side of the TV and piano?
What vehicles are stationed here?
What is this type of truck called?
What kind of mouse is being used?
What is the coldest item here?
What is the animal who is standing in the middle of the rocks?
Which finger is touching the rubber band?
What are the cows inside of?
What color is the top of the comforter hanging on the wooden bedframe?
What would this animal like to eat the most?
What color is the cape worn by the little bunny figurine?
What is going down the ramp?
What does the green item all the way to the right look like most?
What is in the bowl?
What type of curtains are on the windows?
Which animal is most similar to the animal on the right?
What color is on the animal in the middle's head?
What color is the painted line on top of the asphalt pavement?
What is in front of the building?
What is creating the most oxygen here?
What is the grey-haired woman doing with her book?
What style of lamp is the one above the table?
What is next to the wooden steps?
What is the kite near?
Where is this pizza being displayed?
What kind of flag is the blue and yellow one?
What does the man in the red jacket's patch indicate?
What angle is the woman's arm which is holding the frisbee forming?
At most how many adults are lined up together in a row down one section of the railing?
What is above the kite?
What kind of footwear is the person in the white shirt wearing?
How many people probably use this room?
What type of hat is the woman wearing?
What is the sharpest item here?
What is the baby attempting to eat?
What is hanging from the ceiling?
What era was this invention most related to?
What is the black and white object to the left of the window?
What is coming out of the clock?
What utensil is on the plate?
What is on the grass?
What emotion is the woman most likely feeling?
What is the upright wooden spool in the far corner used for holding?
How is the room being illuminated?
What type of food does Rita's sell at the bottom of this picture?
How many sail posts are on top of the large white sailboat?
What number is on the sign?
What is on top of the car?
What is adorning the pizza?
What footwear is usually used here?
What is surrounding the trees in the area so the trees are more giraffe friendly?
What establishment is directly across the way from Cafe Wiener?
What is the largest of the blue numbers on the sign?
Where is this meal being eaten?
What is next to the vehicle?
Who does the person in the foreground resemble most?
Where is this white coffee mug most likely located?
Where are these animals?
Which city is most likely serving this restaurant?
What two primary colors have to be combined to get the color of the car?
What is plugged into the outlet?
What color is the twine wrapped around this little bear's neck?
What is the athletes last name?
What is the number of bananas stored inside of the fruit basket?
What is dangerous about how the man in the front of the image is riding his bike?
From what country does ANA hail from?
How many sheep are standing in the green mossy pasture?
What are the two rectangular baskets on the left counter for?
What color is the leash on the dog with the yellow collar?
What is on the table?
Which type of sheep is the highest on the stand?
What color are the interior sections of the boats lined up along the beach?
How many goats are contained by this pasture set near the home?
How many tusks should the elephant have who is walking toward the camera?
What are the decorations made of?
What color is the grass stalks where the sheep are walking through?
What are the people in the front holding?
What color is the wall to the right of the refrigerator unit?
What color is the dog's neck collar?
What color are the inserts in the black-faced sheep ears?
What is near the car?
What kind of animal is the cart pulled by?
What event is happening?
What is most likely outside the doorway?
What is the person all the way to the right holding?
What color is the cute animal's little nose?
What is next to the statue?
What does this train primarily carry?
How many elephants are taking a bath in the big river with people on their backs?
What is on top of the refrigerator?
How many portraits are hung on the sides of the walls?
What color is the light shown on top of the traffic lights of College Avenue?
How many eggs are served beside the hash browns in this breakfast plate?
How many elephants are walking on top of the dirt walk?
What are the cows in the foreground near?
How many giraffes are standing under the tree eating leaves?
What is the person in the foreground hovering over?
What is the type of plant in the planter called?
What do many of these animals have?
What movie logo can be seen at the top right hand side of the computer?
Who is known for doing this activity?
What kind of meat is served with the dinner at this restaurant?
What make is the blue parked car?
What do the flashing lights indicate on this vehicle?
What color is reflected off the water around the sun?
What kind of companies are being advertised here?
How do you know this is not the USA?
What is drizzled over the cake?
What are the bread items being cooked?
How many eggs are served in this breakfast overeasy?
What do the cows have?
How many sausages are contained by the hot dog bun held by this man?
How many kitties are laying around on top of the couch?
What color is the bull standing in the field of white cows?
What is the black item on the counter?
What color is the top of the picnic bench painted all up like?
What is the largest number in the cow in the foreground's collar?
What can you win?
Which part of this meal has a small portion?
Why is the man wearing an orange vest?
What is the black object behind the guy's head?
What is on the animal to the right?
How many elephants are there?
What is the player in the foreground hoping to accomplish?
What color is the roofing material on the top of this clocktower of the church?
What color is the tissue box on the back of the toilet bowl?
What color is the object in this room that is used to shield you from rain?
What color is the backpack worn by the skier with the white snow suit?
Who is holding a leather briefcase?
What is this person making?
What is on the top of the toilet tank?
What nation's flag is painted onto the front of this airplane?
What is the corded device called that's on the wall?
What color is the main body of the cart pulled by this guy?
What is on the rack sitting on the bathtub's edge?
What is the man with the helmet on wearing?
What is the horse doing?
What is in the spaghetti?
What sport is the person doing?
What is the fruit high in?
What is on the elephant?
What are the green and white VW bugs?
What is the first name of the boy in the red's favorite hero?
What is usually done here?
What style of skis are worn by the people in the line?
What is the dog doing?
Which car brand is being advertised on the net?
What kind of fuel does the van in the background run on?
The person wearing the blue tie looks most like whom?
What side of the photo does the cow stand with his butt raised toward the camera?
What color is the drink contained by the cup in the billboard on the top left?
What is the person wearing?
What material is the most likely metal for the finish of the roof?
What character had a similar prop to the lady on the left?
What superhero name is most similar to the name a group of these animals is called?
How many dogs are attached by leather leads to their owner by the side of this split tree?
What is between the bread?
What color is the polo shirt worn by the man seated in the back of the bus?
What color is one of the girl's shoes?
What is the person wearing?
What continent is this most likely?
What is on the pizza?
What is on top of the bed?
What is the woman wearing?
Who is in the front right corner?
What color are the teddy's eyeballs?
What is on the side of the refrigerator?
What color is the suitcase held by the girl on the other side of the boarding deck to the right of the woman in the foreground?
What is the woman holding?
What color is the rubber surrounding the outer rim of the tire on these bikes?
Who was born in the state whose name appears on the side of the train in big white letters?
What color is the brim of the hat worn by the girl on the back of the horse?
How many brown cows are seated inside of the hay like this?
What color is the measuring tape on the right side of the compartment center?
What is the cat hiding behind?
What continent is this room most likely on?
What is boiling in the pot?
What is in the vicinity of the train?
What color is the back of the playing card printed cheese wedge?
What type of dog is the woman walking?
What kind of animal is advertised on the bottom of the referee post?
What is under the man in the air's feet?
How many oxen are helping to remove the rocks from the field?
What is the person combing?
What brand of laptop is used by the woman with the sunglasses?
What feature do these animals have?
Which material mainly encloses the giraffe to the zoo?
What kind of product does the sponsor with the yellow background offer?
What color is the baseball cap worn by the man operating as the catcher in this photo?
The cat is sitting at a table with what featured on top of it?
What is the primary reason for the lights on the backs of the bikes?
What color is the bath robe worn by the woman holding the remote on the sofa?
What color is the helmet worn by the man yelling at the umpire?
What is a feature associated with this animal?
What kind of building is the cat sitting at the floor in?
What is the person under the umbrella wearing?
What type of sign is in the back of this image?
What are the people surrounded by?
What is a group of these animals called?
What is out of place in this photo?
How do you know the bike riders are a couple?
Which animals are closer to the ground?
What is under the plate?
What number is on the train?
Where do these animals get most of their food from?
What kind of animal is the shape of the kite made into?
How many forks are sat on the paper plate atop the concrete balcony edge?
What is the girl attempting to mimic searching for with the frisbee?
What does this animal have?
How many kinds of birds are shored on the beach together?
What color is the back arch for the seat held by ropes on the back of this elephant?
What is the primary background color of the table cloth below the muffin enclosures?
Which food item on the plate is lowest in calories?
How many cows are standing in the pasture field?
What is the person studying?
What color are the buttons illuminated around the dais of the remote?
What is hoisted atop the elephants to help the people ride them?
What are the two large bowls on the counter called?
How many long necks are here?
What team is fielding?
What color are the pillows laying on the left side of this couch?
What are the chances that at least one banana will fall out of the truck?
How many black sheep are enclosed in the pasture?
What is the woman in red reaching towards?
What color is the trenchcoat worn by the woman who is walking a yellow bike?
What type of fruit is at the very top of the scoop with the banana and oat?
Who is famous for doing what these people are doing?
What animals are moving?
What color ist hep old short worn by the man who just had hit the tennis ball?
What kind of store is this?
How many cows are gazing inside the enclosure?
What kind of breakfast confection is on the red plate?
What animals are behind the girl?
What color is the gas tank on the Harley bike in the center of the pack?
What is the cat sleeping near?
What is next to the toilet?
How many DVD discs are sat atop of the laptop on the coffee table?
What is the orange item?
What color is the meat in the middle of the sandwiches on the plate close to the man's chest?
What is the number of nice elephants who are living inside the zoo enclosure?
What car part can be seen?
How many motorcycles are on the highway apparently ahead of the vehicle driving?
What term is related to this sport?
What is the old rusted freight car in the background probably used to carry?
What company makes the item on the right side of the floor that has the wire attached to it?
What is the person on the left walking towards?
What is she getting ready to do?
What kind of fruit is there a serving of to the side of the cake?
What political party is the owner of this setup most likely to vote for?
What led to the red stain on the inside of the bowl?
What type of roofs are these?
What is the cake on top of?
What material is the tile for the walls and stalls of this bathroom?
How many traffic lights are hanging in the highway ahead facing toward the silver pickup truck?
What is in the packaging behind the cat to the right?
What continent contains the country referenced by the sign behind the cowboys?
What utensil is on the bottom right?
What is on one of the tables?
Which object is generating the most heat?
How many little elephants are around the tree with their families?
What type of building is this bathroom likely to be in?
What mountains are these?
What does the man in the foreground with the blue shirt have?
What is in the food container?
What item here would an artist use?
What color are the flowers nearest to the cows who are currently grazing?
Where does the person on the motorcycle usually work?
What are these animals known for?
Whose first name can be found on the bottle?
What color is the strange cow just ahead to the left?
What color is the leather of the woman's purse who is sitting on the bench to the right?
What is the man on the left wearing?
What color are the shoes attached to the skis of this mountain ascending man?
What are the motorcycles on the right side next to?
What is the baby elephant called?
What is the type of stove cooktop called?
Who does the person in the bed likely know?
What are the large structures?
What color is the train car in the center of the three cars?
What is the person on the left wearing?
What is the girl in pink wearing?
What is parked next to the boat?
How many people are riding on the elephant walking through the brown water?
Which food on the plate is highest carbohydrates?
Using common sense what kind of books are stored here?
What kind of fruit are these indicated by the color of the interior?
Which cat looks more comfortable?
What is the woman holding the umbrella wearing?
What is the person with the racquets sitting on?
How many sticks are arranged in a line before the salad and water?
How many zebras are standing in the forest with their noses pointed at the cameras?
What state is the home team based in?
What company is known for using the largest vehicle here?
Which object is most likely to be used to boil water?
What is the small hexagonal object on the wall?
What is at the apex of the boat?
What destination resembles this place most?
What type of breakfast food is this on the plate?
How many birds are sitting on the side of the river bank?
What color is the soap in the clear container on top of the sink?
Who is on the screen?
What is the structure carrying these boats referred as?
How many paintings are framed on the wall where there is a door frame as well?
Where are these animals likely hanging out?
How many steeples are there on the top of this large church building?
What kind of drink is inside of the coffee mug?
What store is known for selling the item the man with glasses on is eating?
What color is the bike that is parked on the side of the road with two children on it?
What color is the tissue box on the top of the toilet bowl?
What is closest to the giraffe?
What player played the same position as this batter?
What are the lights next to?
What kind of water body is most likely is this boat serviced for?
What kind of object is to the front of this strange train?
What are the cows doing?
What is on the floor?
What country's flag requires three of the four colors found on the bus?
What color of baggage is containing the booster seats for car riding on the flight return?
The sticker attached at the bottom of the sink is of what color?
What is typically found on the place where the potted plant is resting on?
What color is the head of the cow who is grazing right on the wooden bridge?
What does the top half of the donut on the bag's design represent?
What body part do humans and elephants have that is most similar?
What is fully visible on the animal on the left?
What object makes this black and white photo confusing?
Where are these animals most likely to be found in their natural habitat?
Why is the sky so hazy?
What are the birds ducking underneath of the giraffe?
What is the purpose of the substance in the white and pink can?
What are the elephants under?
How many toilet cases are on the curb of this house's driveway?
What is the fur of the animal in this image commonly used for?
What is on top of the horse?
The person on the left is getting ready to do what?
How many zebras are standing near the rocks to the left of the dirt road?
What kind of water body holds the large number of rowboats?
Which fruit on this plate is lowest in calories?
What character resembles the doll?
Who did a similar type of activity to this person?
What kind of fruits are piled on the confectionary treat behind the glass at the corner?
How many zebras are standing in front of the watering hole together?
What is shielding the boy?
What color is the circular dais in the middle of the ancient tower?
What do most of the people have on their heads?
What direction are the animals headed?
How many teddies are in big clear plastic bags on top of the pile?
Who played for the team whose logo appears on the shirt?
What is the weather like?
Why is the bus on the boat?
What is on the opposite wall of the sink mirror?
What is very large here?
What is the baby sitting holding?
What is this type of room known as?
What are some of the sheep surrounded by?
How many little baby lambs are near their parent on the top of the rock?
What will the food be eaten with?
Which video game system is currently in use by the man in this photo?
What is the primary color of the skis carried on the back of the man following the man?
What color is the interior of the boat evidently with no people inside of it?
What is the largest number on the yellow tags?
Where in this picture would one clean their feet?
What is the woman looking down at?
What brand of manufacturer marks this small silver laptop?
What does the person in the foreground have on?
Which food is highest in protein on this plate?
What kind of meat is lining the side of this Tupperware container?
What color is the small What color is the recliner in between the sofas in the living room?
What kind of meat is likely sitting on top of the beans and potatoes on top of the plate?
What word is the person in the air most familiar with?
What is the expression on the face to the right of the pie?
What do the characters on the magazine resemble?
What kind of meat is sitting atop the salad?
What color is the apple fruit in the center of the food containers?
What color is the black cow laying down to the right of the green cows?
What do the animals have?
What are the flowers likely made of?
What color are the uniforms on the pitcher's team?
What is the food in?
What color are the vertical stripes on the left skier's jacket?
What color is the blanket where the two dogs are napping?
What color is the border of this elephant's ear?
What color is the left side of the pillow sitting on the single seat?
How many people are standing underneath of the same umbrella under the scaffold?
What red substance in the plastic cup?
How many species are in this image?
What kind of fuel does the red white and blue bus run on?
Where are these animals usually found?
What are the people gathered around?
Where would you find this bathroom?
What pants is the man wearing?
What is closest to the place you would go to charge your phone?
What is the man in the suit holding?
What kind of trick is the man in brown doing?
What is at the far end of the room?
What is a sound this animal makes?
What is the shape of this water fountain?
What kind of gift could this be?
What kind of cat is resting on top of the sofa?
What object is out of place in the kitchen?
What is he about to do?
How many giraffes are standing around the forest near the ostrich?
What animal has the most colors here?
What color is the napkin underneath of the pizzas?
What color is the surfboard held by the man walking up the beach on the right?
What creature has the long brown hair?
What is the child wearing?
What does all the technology have in common?
What word would the person most likely be familiar with?
What are the dogs in the foreground doing?
What is the color of the product in this room that is used to clean grease from food dishes?
What color is the hoodie worn by the man putting on the shoes to the right?
Which indoor domestic animal does the center sheep resemble?
What is the woman carrying?
What is in the wallet?
What is on the wall?
What color are the shrimp sitting on the plate?
Whose upper body is most protected in the event of a fall?
What maneuver is likely to be executed next?
What item here has the same name as a term used in baseball?
What color is the strange old truck?
What are the items on the floor usually used for?
What color are the stripes on the shoes worn by the tennis player who is throwing a serve?
What kind of horse is pulling the Disneyland trolley?
What is in the spaghetti?
What kind of enclosure are the giraffes likely living in?
What kind of transport vessel does this bathroom likely exist in?
Why are these cows held in place at the feeder?
What does the beverage the person is drinking have in it?
How many legs of the brown table are visible?
What color do you get if you combine all of the colors on the umbrella together?
What is the person on top of the animal wearing?
Who is the man dressed like?
Which animal would least like to be in the sink if the faucet were turned on?
What number is on the plane?
Which object is most likely to be holding liquid right now?
What do half these treats have?
What treat is in the box?
What color is the item with the holes?
The nose of this aircraft is in what nation's flag?
What are these animals known for?
How many stickers are attached to the big porcelain toilet?
What color are the frames of the bicycles driven down the bike lane?
What are the floating blue objects for?
Who makes a similar electronic device to the one the man is using?
What is above water?
What is the baby sheep doing?
What is the longest word on the screen?
What color is the shirt worn by the man who is holding this hot dog?
What is the cat on top of?
What matches the color scheme of the animals?
How will the food reach the person's mouth?
What is on the brown table near the couch?
What color are the topsides of the train engines in the middle of the depot without any kind of cars?
What is on top of the bread?
What color is the ball that the child is attempting to hit with the baseball bat?
What type of aircraft can be smaller than a human?
What color is the icing on the top of the donuts underneath of the man's hand who is looking to eat?
How many fruits are gathered together in this picture?
What is inside the flower pot?
What happens behind the curtain?
What color is the coat jacket on the right side of the rack hung on the white door?
What is the child standing on?
How many men are standing around the laptop held by the one?
What is on the cabinet?
What is the person in blue crossing?
What is the dog doing?
What would someone use the objects above the stove for?
What color is the banana without a bunch on the countertop directly?
What type of skiing is he likely doing?
What player does this person likely know of?
What color is the hat worn by the man using his laptop on the park bench?
Why are there so many on the bike?
What color is the body of this police boat?
Who are in the most danger?
What type of company is sponsoring this game?
What color is the exterior side of the photography umbrella?
What team wears similar socks to the boy in the foreground?
What is in the room?
What are the two zebras who are leading the pack pointing their noses toward?
What is the person who is visible called?
What color is the napkin hanging off of the blue bedside?
What does the sign in front of the runways near the camera say?
What utensil is closest to the food?
What color is the blouse worn by the woman who is coming in from the right?
What is the black appliance by the corner called?
What is in the small plate?
What do these animals use to defend themselves?
What is the woman wearing?
What happens in this room?
What are the horses in the foreground between?
What number of vehicles are parked at this traffic light overlooked by the large cathedral building?
What is going to happen to the child?
What color are the birds flying over the street?
What food is near the figurines?
How many dogs are sitting inside of the motorboat with the man running the engine?
The cat who is inspecting the treat has what color of eyes?
What type of motor bike can be used to transport three people safely?
What country most likely houses this bus as evident by the flag hanging from the building to the left?
The company that made 3D world also made what famous video game system?
What is in the man's hand?
What animals have the tags on them?
What animals are usually depicted eating these items?
What subject matter is printed on the materials in the binder?
What is near the planes?
The concrete planter has how many orange boards on the side?
What is the technical term for what the animals are doing?
Which appliance is most likely to have a cold interior?
What are the woman raising?
What is in the sandwich?
What part of the body are the elephants holding up?
What is near the toilet?
How many pizzas are sitting on top of the table where many people are sitting?
What is on the bottom left?
What is sitting on the stand of the vendor on the left?
What is the most likely drink in the cup on the table?
What tells people where to stand for safety?
What is the breed name of the all white cows?
How old is the baby?
What feature is visible?
What level is this room on?
What sound would a baby make when they see this event?
Why are the elephants in the water?
What is the banana supposed to represent?
What language does the name on the side of the truck come from?
What is likely opposite the toilet?
What happens in this room?
What song is related to the long item in the middle?
How many whole cakes are there present in the store case?
What team plays in the city that is mentioned on the tub?
What color is the scarf wrapped around the suitcase pulled on the left?
What surface are all the birds standing on next to the big river?
What is the whitish metal object behind the cat's head?
What are the green parts of the building called?
What color is the beverage contained by the cup on the right?
What is lined up next to each other?
What is the type of food in the middle of the bread?
The person in the foreground wearing blue looks most like what Sopranos character?
What color is the face of the cartoon character on the backpack on the far right bed?
What are the women on the left holding?
What food is ready to eat?
What color is the border of the board with the wood face?
What company has a similar name compared to the name of the sponsor of this event?
What is the person that will board last wearing?
What is this type of tennis match called with two people on each side?
What is a term related to this event?
The flag of which nation is painted laterally around this airplane?
What is it called when horses have hair on their feet?
What is this vessel called?
What is a term that can refer to animals like these?
What is the blue rectangular plastic item used to hold at the top of the desk?
What is touching the snow?
What design is next to the clock on the largest building?
Which team is winning?
Which nation's flag is hoisted on the side of the boat?
What are the people drinking?
Why is there a phone by the shower?
How many sections have been drawn in the tennis court for players?
How many little sheep are sitting on the grass?
What is hanging on the right side of the room?
How many computer displays are on top of the black desk with two mouses?
What is going up the ramp?
What color is the bag on top of the bench and below the woman's feet?
What mode of transportation is using the field behind the fence?
What kind of pants is the girl in pink wearing?
What year is closest to the year this doll originated?
What color is the topping on top of the desert on top of the plates?
Where is Pulloveria based?
What poses the greatest immediate danger to the man?
The person in the front of the boat is wearing a hat from which continent?
Where is the pizza being eaten?
What is the house near?
What is the person with the umbrella walking on?
What color are the child's shoes on the right?
What is creeping around on the table?
What is this person currently doing on their computer?
What is the same color as the vehicle in the foreground?
What are the people using?
What color is the collar around the dog's neck who is watching TV?
What is a term used here?
How many zebras are running across the savannah plain?
What color is the border around the edges of the mirror?
Judging by the childs hair what did they just get done with?
What is a term used in these kinds of events?
What kind of bike lock is used in this picture?
What is near the tracks?
Why is the cat likely sleeping on the laptop?
What word shares the same first letter as the name of these animals?
Why is the man holding onto a handlebar?
What is next to the green plant?
Who is famous for using one of the items that is missing from the slot on the left?
What vehicles are here?
What is the man with the curly hair holding?
What holiday character does the lead motorcyclist dress as?
What are the animals showing to the camera?
What season is it?
What celebrity would be celebrating their birthday on the day that appears on the calendar?
What is the temperature feel like here?
What color is the starfish on the left side of the water bowl?
What is the kite shaped like?
What meal is being served here?
What is soaring through the air?
What does the unfocused sign say in the background above the pack of bikers?
How is the beater being operated?
What color is the pillow sitting atop the middle corner of the sectional?
What country is this most likely located?
What is the boy holding onto in the middle of the lake?
What is the giraffe in the middle resting in?
What is the cat doing?
How many white cows are present on the showroom floor?
Which country were we probably likely to see these old double decker buses?
What kinds of foods are these?
What is the woman eating the donut wearing?
What are the people doing?
What structure can be seen here?
What is the brown object on the table used for?
What is this type of sofa called?
Where is this giraffe most likely living?
What season is depicted on the placemat?
What is near the tower?
What did the occupants of this home likely just get done doing?
What would this food item be ideal for?
Who was born in the year that is displayed on the truck?
What is the most likely time of day outside?
What causes the brown color on the item in the foreground?
What is the child swinging?
What is the man standing near?
How many giraffes are standing?
What is on top of the donut?
How many elephants are huddled together on the left side of the hanging tree?
What color is the lanyard string worn around the little boy's neck?
What does the man have in his mouth while taking a selfie in the mirror?
How many zebras are standing in front of the pack of buffalo?
The tattooed woman is holding onto what color of railing?
What is near the onion?
What color is the only icing element used for the birthday donuts?
What number is at the top of the bus?
What color is the hat worn by the man who is leading a cow by a rope?
What feature does the animal have?
Where would this type of traffic light be found?
What is furthest to the right?
What is something here that's rarely seen in a kitchen?
What is the person wearing?
What is the job of the woman in uniform against the wall?
What is the name of the material that people get from elephant horns?
What food is on the boat?
What is the cat on top of?
Why does the stove have two doors?
How many blue milk bottles are there next to the black and white photograph?
Why does she have a cake just for her?
What kind of beverage is served from the cups at the top of this cabinet?
What is the man wearing?
What is the donut on the left dipped in?
What is the name of the tool that is used to dry dishes without electricity in this room?
What feature do the animals have?
What is the secondary color for the vest worn to the woman on the left side driving horse?
What decorative element is at the center of the clock face?
What color is the small dog in front of the bicycle tire with its tail raised up?
What color is the woman's skirt who is number 851 in this ski race?
What color are the paddles on the wheels behind this river boat?
What color are the bearings inside of the wagon wheels?
What TV show title shares one of the words on the wall?
What is in the sandwich?
What color is the garden hose wrapped around the kiddie pool?
Where can you find this display?
What is next to the plate?
What actress was born in this country?
What is under the cabinet on the left?
What number is on the man in the green shirt's jersey?
What is the person on the motorcycle wearing?
What fruit is the black topping on this pizza between the two customers?
How are the people traveling?
What feature of the animal is visible?
What time of day is it likely to be?
What type of sinks are these?
What kind of food is this?
What time of day is most likely?
What meal would these animals prefer?
What had broken off during this part of the game?
What shape is the food in?
What color is the duct around the middle of this church's top?
What kind of fence is in front of the ostrich for purpose of confinement?
What is the dog playing in?
What is the person cooking on the stove?
What is under the faucet?
What color is the soft drink drank by the man at the pizza store?
How have these vegetables been cooked?
What is the odd placement in this room?
What color are the logos on the shoes which this tennis playing woman is wearing?
How many towers are on the top of the clock tower with a black clock face?
What color is the snowboard's back on the far left?
What country are they in?
What number on the license plate is the largest?
What kind of power does the pink bicycle run on?
What kind of beverage is sat atop of the computer tower in the corner of this room?
What are the giraffes under?
What is stretched out?
What is the person reaching for?
How many persons are floating on top of surfboards in the ocean?
What is the child holding?
What part of the cops uniform has the most similar theme to the motorcycle?
What is the purpose of the round objects in the tub?
What kind of uniform is worn by the man in this picture?
What product does the sponsor with the blue background offer?
How many types of foods are mixed in with the food?
What color are the flowers worn in the little black girl's hair?
There is a large white structure with which animal directly in front of it?
What is the girl on the left wearing?
What is the purpose of the heart around the cats neck?
What kind of fuel does this run on?
Who played for the same team as this player?
What type of dog is this?
How many yellow propeller planes are flying together in formation?
What color is the netting in the tennis racket held by the man about to hit the ball?
What is behind the fence?
How many bowls contain a kind of desert?
What is on top of the dining table?
What is next to the man?
What color are the small dark stripes going around the toddler's shirt?
What are the elephants showing to the camera?
What is near the grass?
What kind of green vegetable is held underneath of the carrots like a card?
Which piece of attire is abnormal for the child to wear?
What item hanging on the wall would help most on a battlefield?
What does the store to the left sell?
How many colors of icing are glazing these donuts in the display case?
What is the child standing on?
What do the animals have?
What color of blanket does the cat sleep upon?
What is the person using to video record the live performance?
What is under the food?
The big fluffy cat is sitting on what?
Where is the plane stopped?
What is on the bed?
What does the item the man is holding provide?
What is the person in the foreground descending?
Based on the stack of books what does this person like to use their computer to do?
Where are these animals positioned in?
How many elephants are standing nearby the fallen log?
Why does the man with the red shoe have a dark leg?
What does the animal in the foreground have?
How is the man in the water moving?
What direction are the giraffes headed?
What type of boat is the small vessel?
What part of town is this car in based on the sign?
How many goats are visible before the cameraperson?
What makes this a good day for flying kites?
How many Siamese cats are sitting atop the window cell?
What song is in a similar language to the language found at the top of the wall?
What are the first two numbers on the truck?
What is the man holding?
What is there an excessive amount of relative to most pizzas?
What color are the stops used to block traffic in the construction?
What is the green stuff in the bottle most likely?
Which appliance is most likely to catch on fire?
What is the item on the chain for?
How many elephants are walking around the marshy river water?
How many monitors are on top of the desk with the white keyboard and mouse?
What is separating the two cats?
Who could this batter be?
What animals is the child looking at?
What is the man holding?
What are the giraffes near?
What color is the boundary of the frisbee thrown by the man in shorts on the beach?
What color are the tags on top of the honey dispensers?
How many big elephants are inside of this zoo enclosure together?
What time is it?
How many computer monitors are on top of the desk next to the clipboard?
How do the horses likely feel towards each other?
What is lined up on the side of the street?
What is between the bread?
What color are the fruits sliced out on top of the pancake?
What is likely the red substance on the knife?
What color is the painting on the wall behind the bed stand?
How many mirrors are on the pedestal mirror?
What brand features these animals?
What provides heat to the stovetop burners?
What animal is unseen but represented by an item here?
What is the purpose of the gold and black object?
What object use to interact with fish is being shown in this image?
What time is it approximately?
What is next to the plane?
Which country is this highway most likely seen in?
What is the largest number on the bus that is located under the wheelchair sign?
What animal is to the left of the elephants?
How is the man on the skateboard being propelled?
What is the woman fixing?
How many zebras are standing in the middle of the open field?
What color are the donuts made from this strange pan?
What country's flag is being flown?
What color is the smallest pair of scissors?
What is the name of the game mode being played?
The man in the white hat following with the elephants is wearing what color of shirt?
What device is found here?
Where is the boat likely going?
What color is the banana to the right of the paper cup containing beverage?
What is on the animal in the foreground's neck?
What is the countertop in the middle called?
What are the horses doing?
What is the man behind?
What color is the juice in the long container to the left of the pie?
What is at the foot of the bed?
What is in the glass?
How many items are meant to be worn directly over the eyes?
What place sells these items?
What room is beyond the countertops?
What color is the sign hung in the middle of the electricity pole next to the street?
How many computer displays are sat on top of this desk?
What person is sliding?
What animal is depicted on the white item in the water?
What is likely her favorite animal?
What are the two objects on each side of the man's red tie?
What station is on the television?
Where would a kitchen like this be located?
Who is holding the umbrella?
What is the cat on top of?
What athlete's last name appears on the poster?
How many people are holding onto parasail and sailing into the ocean?
How many seats are put on top of the red sofa up against the wall?
What are the brightest lights attached to?
What country most frequently uses wine glasses this shape?
What is the type of fencing used to contain all of these sheep?
What kind of an expo is this?
What is consuming the pink donut?
What movie character fits in with these animals?
How many birds are standing inside of the river with the zebras on the island?
Which country most likely houses this construction for the park?
What food is on the plate in the middle?
What sound does the animal make?
What is about to be dipped?
What is the cylindrical object on the table?
What type of setting is this?
How many different airlines are being shown here?
What is the white object under the window?
Why is the bagel in there?
What is the skateboard on?
What controls the flushing on the toilet to the right side of the bathroom?
What are the horses doing?
What material outlines the enclosure for these giraffes?
What is around the animal in the foreground's neck?
What is the man feeding?
What is similar to the long things on the animal's face?
What is the little white box on the wall?
How many giraffes are standing together on the rocks next to this zebra?
What is a strange thing to see on a motorcycle?
What animal can usually be found here?
What is the person with the whip riding on?
How many little giraffes are with the big giraffe here?
What is the largest number that can be created using any two numbers on the train on the right?
What is the white rectangle on the island for?
What vehicle is on the left hand side?
What is the green item?
On how many sides has the skin been removed from the cucumber?
What is next to the tower?
How many different people are pictured in the photograph?
What is on the table?
What nation's flag is on the tail fin of the aircraft going to the right?
What color is the animal on the right's nose?
What color is the fruit on the right hand side?
How many single-seated chairs are below and free underneath of the table?
What color is the backpack worn by the man in the gray jacket?
Why is the toilet paper on the toilet tank?
How many animals are in this picture?
What type of building is this bathroom in?
What is aimed at the man on the motorcycle?
What object is in the center of the chips stand logo?
What shape is the overgrown grass cut inside of the paths?
What color are the numbers on the top of the pole with the traffic lights?
Some fountains in this city are at least how much taller than an adult person?
What is sold inside of this street store?
What style of skis are worn on the man's back pack?
What color are the round buoys on the left sides of these boats parked at the marina?
How many giraffes are lounging around in the wild field of grass?
What shape are the oars forming?
What kind of food is fed to the small cat?
What types of birds are these?
How many subsections are there of the waffle on the sheet?
What is the cellophane wrapping applied over top of?
How many birds are sat atop the zebra's back?
What occasion is now photographed underneath the clock faces?
How many portraits are attached to the walls of the living room?
What color is the hair of the woman working on this laptop?
What is the man staring at?
What color are the indentations of the cow's face near her eyes?
Who is on the bicycle?
What color is the shirt worn by the woman in the out-of-focus background?
What color are the end bridges for the boat suspended in the middle of the river?
What color is the dog standing inside of the doorway to the bathroom?
What is the tallest item?
What is the corded object called?
What are these people's nationality?
What is near the curtain?
What are the bikes used to deliver?
What phrase is most appropriate?
What color is the faucet above of the sink?
What movie would this setting fit?
What item was likely used to get the banana in its current state?
What word is appropriate to describe the animal near the books?
What is the person on the surfboard doing to the dog?
How much liquid is in the bottle?
What was just tossed in the air?
What is looking at the giraffe?
Who was born in this country?
What building material is the longhouse next to the sheep?
What breed of animal is this?
How many giraffes are standing in the middle of the stone enclosure?
What company makes the item the person is wearing on their head?
Who would work here?
What number is on the train?
What is this type of event called?
What time of the day is this?
What is the side dish?
What country's red white flag is on the Perkins bus?
What is the person standing on?
What are the people near?
What team shares a similar name to the name on the large item in the foreground?
What company uses the large vehicle here?
What is on the TV?
What is an appropriate term to refer to this animal?
What boat number is the largest here?
This is most likely a scene from which major California city?
What color is the baseball glove held in the girl's little right hand?
What color is the home team of this match?
What color is the cord phone sitting next to the shower stall on the wall?
How many lambs are lead by this sheep?
What kind of hat does the man wear while playing tennis?
How many pigeons are sat on top of the bike stop?
Why are there wires sticking out of the wall?
What is the name of the fruit on the head of the person in the front of the image?
What color is the icing on the toy donut raised to the eye of the person on the t-shirt?
How many boats are surrounded by netting with one net per each boat?
What color is the woman's scarf who is wearing a white jacket?
What vehicles are abundant here?
What color are the little boy's ski shoes attached to the little skis?
Why are all the bikes the same?
What type of business is this likely to be?
What is white here?
What kind of dog does the goat in the middle resemble with brown ears?
What are the animals near?
What color is the plaid pattern around the star on top of the plate?
What do the animals all have?
What is the child playing with?
What type of facial hair is kept by the man eating the hot dog in the sports stadium?
How many varieties of fruit are inside of the basket?
What word is appropriate for these animals?
How many giraffes are standing directly on top of the dirt road?
What show or game are the stuffed characters from that stand beside the television?
What is covering the last slice of pizza available on the tray?
What is coming out of the village's railroad track?
What is the biggest threat here to a baby?
What is this place most likely to be?
How many birds are on top of the drinking giraffe's head?
What kind of tall fruit is in the center of the fruit plate?
What are these animals known for?
What best describes the size of the motorcycle?
What food is on the plate?
What does the man lagging behind's hairstyle resemble?
What color is the surfboard held lengthwise by the man in the wetsuit on the right?
Who played this sport?
What are both of the men near the skateboard wearing?
What is the person hiding behind?
Who works at one of these places?
How many people are seated on the staircase made of wood?
What powers this plane?
What are the bars touching in the foreground?
What animal is visible?
What color are the couch cushions on the top of the red sofa at the corner edge of the room?
What company is known for making the abundant items here?
What is the dog chowing down on?
What color is the pillow case behind the cat?
What color is the vest worn by the young girl on the bicycle?
How is this food meant to be eaten?
What shape are the wings on the kite pulled by the boy in the red cap?
What is the main color of the three major stripes extending down one side of the blue armchair?
Who was born closest to this place?
What is surrounding the field?
What color is the face of the elephant who is surfacing out of the rock enclosed pit?
What song applies to this scene?
What color are the main stripes on the man who has just hit the tennis ball?
What do the three entities have in common?
What does the traffic sign in front of the large truck indicate?
What is behind the animals?
How many black cows are standing up in the middle of the pasture?
What does the person holding the food have on?
How many portraits are hung on the striped walls of this hotel unit?
What is the plane hovering over?
What color are the straps wrapping up the black duffel on the luggage rack?
How many potatoes around on the blue plate?
What word is related to the type of bananas these are?
What type of animals are shown on the lowest shelf to the right of the sink?
What is the likely number of wheels attached to the motorbike in the forefront of this lot?
How many cows are standing in the middle of this pasture with cut horns?
What does it look like these girls are?
This vehicle would most likely appear on what show?
What color are the banana skins at the bottom of the wastebasket?
The game being played looks like it belongs on what system according to the graphics?
Who would work here?
What food is stacked up?
What meal is this?
What is the elephant in the middle helping to cross the road?
What is a group of these abundant items called?
Where did the bears come from?
What is the man wearing?
What profession utilizes the red item in the foreground?
What color is the umbrella held by the woman who is walking on the left side of the zebra stripes?
How many objects are hung in a chain off of the right side of the fireplace?
How many colors of tile are there on the park ground?
What does the animal's coat resemble?
What is pulling the vehicle?
What is hanging on the belly of the sheep in the middle?
What kind of fruit is in the bottom right corner of this fruit crate?
Who would the child be more likely to admire?
What is the white topped food on the plate?
What is an important phrase in this activity?
What color is the red stripe going around the lateral center of the bus?
Which country is this bus turning at the intersection of?
What is the artwork on the skin of the girl in this image called?
What century of advancement might this boat belong to?
How many steeples form the front of this church building?
What activity are the boards lined up against the building used for?
What color is the underblanket for the saddle on this horse's back?
What is this motorcycle designed to do?
What are the bananas stored in?
What is wrapped around the horse's ankles?
Where does the door lead to?
What is the number on the sailboat?
What is the small white appliance?
Which type of tennis hit is the man in this picture about to do?
What activity does the man on the left do instead of the man on the right?
What term applies to this support?
How many zebras are in this part of the zoo consuming grass?
What color is the crest of the bird underneath of his neck?
What is the safety device in the foreground used to help defeat?
What color are the wingtips of the kite flown above the tropical beach?
What country of origin is the beer cutout on the wall behind the man in the black and white shirt?
What are the tallest items here used for?
What are the birds doing near the edge of the water?
What is the purpose of the black netting in front of the stands?
What is on the left hand side of the room?
What color is the red helmet worn by the batter who is getting ready to swing?
What is performing a pincer maneuver on the meat?
What kind of candy bar is hanging on the leg of the teddy with a hoodie sweater put on?
What color are the shorts of the man carrying a stick and standing between the two elephants in the background?
What is on top of the horse?
What is the computer most at risk of?
What kind of soft drink is at the side of this kale salad?
What is rolled up in the basket?
What color is the couch which is positioned perpendicularly with respect to the windows on the side of the wall?
What color is the building adjacent to the large plant factory tower?
What is the man on the left wearing?
What is connected to the long cylinder?
How many boats are there in total to the right of the production plant?
What activity is the video game system simulating?
What created the path the people are on?
What is the clock attached to?
What is the little dog wearing in the sidecar?
What color is the large cow on the left side of the white cows?
Where are these Zebras most likely living together with the giraffes?
What is on the opposite wall from the sink?
What is near the vehicle?
What are the people singing into?
What is the darkest color of the leaves on the trees to the left?
What is the man taking?
What type of land feature is found near the boat in the water?
What colorful items are the people holding?
What color is the item that reaches the highest height on the plate?
What is under the clock tower?
What word would best describe the person whose name appears on the sign?
How many giraffes are standing in the zoo enclosure around the people?
What color is on the left side of the hydrant?
What type of beverage is in the plastic cup on the edge of the table?
What actress was born in the country where the plane comes from?
The poodle dog held on the leash is wearing what color of collar?
What are the three zebras doing in the green dense field?
What are the animals kept in?
What color is the snow pants worn by the guy on the snowboard?
What injury is most likely to be prevented by the person's protective gear?
Which religion should this church probably belong with?
What color is the child's rainjacket that looks like a frog?
Which of these animals would win a race?
Which food item on the plate is highest in fat?
What company makes the roll in the room?
Why is the floor tiled?
Who is closest to the wall?
What color is the refrigerator sitting next to the black countertop?
What is being recorded?
How many giraffes are gathered around the tree with some mild damage?
What is the cat laying on?
What is the dog inside of?
What is on the laptop?
Who has the last name that refers to what a group of these animals is called?
What is in front of the vehicle?
What kind of car is running around on the tarmac?
What color are the two pillows at the right end of the couch with three cushions on top?
How many cows are grazing around the pasture with horns in their heads?
Who is attempting to tag the runner?
What holiday is this cake likeliest to commemorate?
How many cows are evidently in the pasture together for grazing?
What is the yellow sauce's name in the culinary world?
What part of the cat is facing the camera a little bit embarrassingly for the cat?
What color is the turban worn by the man herding the cows?
How many species of animals are sharing the savannah opening together?
What color is the saddle on top of the little horse's back?
What food comes from these animals?
What are the silver items called?
What kind of animals are these cakes prepared to the shape of?
What does this animal have?
How many cats are resting on top of the big skateboard?
Who is at bat?
What is stacked to the left of the leftmost monitor?
What place serves this kind of food?
What is the man in the foreground wearing?
What item would usually be used with these vehicles?
What animal is looking toward the giraffes?
What gift would this person enjoy assuming they like what they are holding?
What color is the background of the vase behind the illustration?
What color is the man's shirt on the left side of the photograph?
What does the man have in his hand?
What is the side for the sandwich served at this restaurant?
What number comes after the number at the top of the bus when counting to ten?
How many giraffes are standing around the wood buildings?
What is on the plate?
What are the big animals called?
What are the majority of the people doing?
What is the answer to the equation on the side of the truck?
What is the large vehicle here?
What color is the umbrella held by the woman barefoot on the beach?
What animal is the same color as the animal to the right that is in front of the fence?
What will come out of the sink?
What is the appliance above the stove?
What type of person does this room probably belong to?
How many cows are following around the man in the red turban?
What is resting near the computer?
How many giraffes are standing in this area instead of eating?
What is the owner of these objects likely doing soon?
What beer does the man in the blue shirt like?
Which umbrella is providing the least protection?
What is the common similarity with all the items on the table?
What is next to the dog?
What food has a slang term whose name appears on the cafe sign?
Which culture usually sets a table as in this picture?
What is the animal that is walking directly down the dirt roadside?
What is the woman in the foreground pouring?
What would you call this area?
Why does the person have poles?
What color is the writing on front of the first aid case on the wall?
Which war did this aircraft likely service?
What dominates the area?
What is likely stored below this room's sink?
Which meal is this most likely?
What are the children feeding?
What type of television set is set up next to the clock on the chair?
What is under the kites and to the left?
Which vehicle is most likely to serve food?
How many red suitcases are cycling around the luggage return?
What web browser is the person using?
What color is the triangle halves on the side of the bus next to the luggage holders?
What do both people have on?
What can be heard coming out of the object on the toddlers ear?
How many dresses are sat around the entryway to the hall?
How many black towel dispensers are hung on the side of the wall?
Why is the bowl on the floor?
Why are the men in uniforms standing by the road?
What number is the batter wearing?
What famous billionaire started the Virgin airline company?
What is the number of suitcases sitting on the floor of this airport chamber?
What is likely in the metal cup?
The largest word on the sign is the name of a 2017 movie starring what Italian actress?
What color is the ham held inside of the biscuit sandwich with a toothpick shoved through it?
How many giraffes are there shot in the middle of this zoo lot?
What is the woman wearing?
What is this woman wearing?
What is causing the beams of light to appear like this in the photo?
How many giraffes are walking on the left side of the dirt road?
What color are the patches around the eyes and noses of the sheep in this field?
How many zebras are running in the savannah area?
How many people are likely enjoying this meal?
What are the jars on the counter?
What is the woman on the left wearing?
What is the object called that the man in the forefront has on his face?
What kind of meat is decorating the pizza on top of the table?
What color is at the very middle of the kite?
Which kind of animal lives in this house?
Why is his face painted?
What color is the wide dome in the background of the church?
What baby name is related to this place?
The animal in the foreground belongs to what grouping?
What color is the plate in between the two coffee cups on the table?
What country is this most likely?
What color is the large building in the background behind the man riding the horse?
What color is the woman's dress who is riding a white stallion?
What color is the big circular ring in the logo of the bear's t-shirt?
What kind of fish is consumed on the side of the breakfast?
What is in the sandwich?
Where would these tools be found?
Why are these people wearing jackets?
What kind of junction is this?
What shape is the small plate?
How many kites are already in the air?
The person with the brown glove dated what celebrity?
Why is the horse in the town center?
What would be one main reason a police would be riding this type of motorcycle?
What is surrounding the cat?
What is next to the banana on the table?
What color are the lights on the top of the mirror in the bathroom?
What color is the metal fencing on the left side of this walkway?
What type of beverages are served in the wide glasses next to the dinner pizza?
This person's outfit looks like something what person would wear?
Why might some of their trunks be curled?
What color of cow is in the middle with a yellow tag visible on his right ear?
What item here can hold the most books?
What is an important part of this animals diet?
What is most likely behind the doors?
The dialogue bubbles are an example of what editing technique?
What is the purpose of the dog?
What is missing from this meal?
Which donut is the plain flavor?
What is on top of the water?
What is the large item in the foreground?
Who plays this sport?
What word is related to these animals?
How many pillows are laid upon the backside mantle of this bedding?
What would you call a pizza with this kind of toppings?
What is one of the longer items here?
What is the name of the batter?
What actor has the same name as the first name on the wall in rainbow colors?
What is the purpose of the object on the wall to the left of the window?
Where does this giraffe on the side of the tour bus probably live?
How many signs are attached to the post that is stuck in the ground near the horses?
What is the cat sleeping next to?
What color are the cranes on the side of the river?
What is on the couch?
What time of day is it at this time?
What is the sign saying PARK indicating?
Where would be the most comfortable place to sit here?
What is next to the screen?
What is the oval object connected to this person's keys?
What is the likely relationship of the girl to the man?
What color are the shorts worn by the man carrying a surfboard down the beach?
What color is the sink underneath the silver arched faucet?
What is near the door?
Who would be most comfortable in the green seat?
What color was this truck originally?
What are these waterways equivalent in usage to in other cities and countries?
What direction are the cows headed?
Who is an all-time legend for one of these teams?
What is on the bed?
Where was this pizza purchased?
Where are the majority of the arrows pointing?
What item in the room has multiple meanings?
What color is the cast iron component in the bridge above the grassy field?
What is the white tube on top of the cabinet used for?
What may get in the way of the horse's eating in this image?
How many planes are in this picture?
What color are the LCD lights on the motorcycle directly ahead to the left of the black motorcycle?
What type of energy does the stove use?
Where are the cats sleeping?
What is the occupation of the person with the vest?
What is there a giant hole taken out of the tree for?
How many lights are shining bright on the side of the campus street?
What is the man in the foreground balancing with?
What is the banana cut into on the plate?
What does the building do?
What color is the car seat that the cat is sleeping on?
How many wheels are used on the bottom of this aircraft?
What is the name of the long skirt the man is wearing?
What is the name of the occupation that is suppose to keep you safe at this place?
What is in the middle of the court?
There are how many birds sitting on stuff in the canal?
What is under the umbrella?
What did the woman crouch down to do?
What kind of trick is being performed here?
What is the giraffe standing near?
What color is the vest worn around the skier's jacket?
How many electronic devices does this person likely own?
Who is dunking the ball?
What would you call the man with the dog?
What is the man doing?
What would most likely be found here?
Why are the people marching down the street?
What color is the umbrella strapped onto the bicycle frame's center bar?
What makes it difficult to see the people in this image?
What is in the center of the room?
What kind of meat is served on the very top of the plate?
Why is there a dish drainer on the counter?
What color is the vase in the middle of the table surrounded by pizzas?
What brand shoes resembles the shoes of the man looking down on his phone?
What is the vehicle doing?
What is the woman holding?
What color are the ear rings worn by the bulls in this field?
What wrestler's outfit matches the colors of the cake?
What is the main color of the Chinese vase on the center right?
What color are the edges of the sidecar with a baby pug in it?
The animals are at what location?
What is the utensil the woman is using called?
What is the person on the left wearing?
What kind of surface is the bird standing on?
How many color varieties are there for the cupcakes on the cupcake pagoda?
What color is the breaded chicken served with a side of celery and ranch?
The man is skateboarding along a railing of what color?
Who is the manufacturer of the laptop?
What is the elephant baby called?
What animals are near the zebras?
The person in the blue jeans looks like they are wearing what?
Which vehicle is leading the ones on the left side?
What feature do these animals have?
What is the pink item on the counter?
What group usually uses this mode of transport?
What is the number of shampoo or soap bottles along the shower wall?
What object is the man imitating with his fingers?
What kind of fruit is contained by the small plastic tub?
What color are the sheep's faces with green tags in their ears?
What color is the sun in the raised dais of the Italian building?
What color is the small fireplace set in the middle of the room with all the books?
What type of tennis swing is the main on the bottom of the court in the middle of?
What kind of fuel does the black and white dog run on?
Where are the yellow items hanging under the cabinet usually found?
What color might the blocks on the side of the clock tower be?
How is the car on the back being propelled?
What is the car next to?
What is the tallest person wearing?
Where are the people resting on furniture at?
What are the two long poles?
The bumper of the wagon is what color?
What are the two women in the foreground carrying?
What actress's age on January 19 of 2022 will match the number on the right side of the car?
What type of sink is this?
What color is the cigarette part of this man's costume?
The man has what on his face?
What are the animals near?
Which object is used for warmth in this room?
What is in the tray?
What is the side dish on the plate?
What is the man wearing?
What is the statue holding?
What is this group of animals called?
What is he using the long object in his hands for?
What is the holder hanging on the wall holding?
What color is the saddle's leather on the back of the horse?
What is near the trees?
What is near the top of the tower?
What is on the fruit?
What season is this room decorated for?
What is on top of the hill?
The woman wearing a white hat with two children on her rear is riding what color of street bike?
What is making the stripe on her leg?
What is poking its head out of the side of the vehicle lagging behind the others?
How many elephants are standing underneath of the iron roof and walking on the stone floor?
What is the quickest vehicle here in order to make a getaway from a hypothetical alien invasion?
What is near the window?
What is the box on the toilet tank used for?
What color is the background on the surfboard wrapped up with cello wrap?
What company owns the largest vehicle here?
How many colors are on the top of the umbrella carried by the man on the side of the pool?
What is the sponsor's industry?
What is in the athlete's hand?
What has the train indicated it is accessible to?
What is the person swatting at?
What kind of fuel does this cat run on?
What does this man ski most closely to?
How many people are sitting in the fishing boat on this day?
What kind of beverage is being enjoyed with the pizza?
What is the side dish?
What are the people exiting from?
What ceremony is this replicating?
What color are the french fries on to the right of the sandwich?
What is the woman in black about to eat?
The belly of the cow standing alone in the middle of the herd is of what color?
What is on top of the bread?
What is above the dog?
How many boats are countable here on the beachhead tied to the land?
The man on his cell phone is sitting on a vehicle that is likely made for what age?
What color is the middle section of the baseball bat used by the girl?
What object is the same color as the plastic end cap to the item the little girl is holding?
What is above the microwave?
What other item did the company whose name appears on the large vehicle make?
What is near the opening to the hallway?
What era are the statues reminiscent of?
What is the design on the wall?
What device is usually used with the item on the tray?
What is in the bowl with the bananas?
What is on top of the pizza in the foreground?
How many suitcases are laying on the luggage return carousel?
What does the sign here on the left say is forbidden?
How many portraits are hung on the side of this red wall?
What is the man with the number 2 on his back swinging at?
How many giraffes are here with their noses pointed toward the camera?
What team is at bat?
What kind of material is the coating of the man who is stood on the right near the luggage return?
What is on the sink?
The person that is running is wearing what?
What is the ketchup likely for?
What are these men displaying?
What is on the grass?
How many people can wash their hands at the same time?
What color is the batting helmet worn by the man at home plate?
Where did the food in the dish come from?
What is next to the vehicle?
What color is the leather sectional in the corner of this entertainment room?
What do the animals have?
Who plays with the items near the camera?
How many circular hung objects re found in this kitchen area?
What do all the foods being prepared have in common?
The giraffes are foraging on what part of the tree?
What is the square metal item on the floor?
What are the orange items?
What type of doors is seen?
Which city should this tour bus be driving around in?
What is the woman surrounded by?
What color is the edge of the tennis racket the little girl is using to practice tennis?
What object used to prevent getting wet is nearby the cat in this image?
What materials likely make up the colorful frame of the mirror?
What is the boy with the helmet in the foreground holding?
How many zebras are standing on the hay below the tree?
Why does the tub have round silver objects on it?
What does the animal in the foreground have?
What state is the company from whose logo appears on the bus?
What is the woman holding in her hand?
How many wicket baskets are on top of the little bench near the doorway?
What did the company make whose logo is on the steel structure?
What animal that cats like is the electronic in this image often referred to as?
What are the metal boxes on the wall used for?
What color are the emblems on the costume for the man on the right?
What athlete has a last name that is similar to the name on the bottle?
How many square portraits are hung in the walls of this loft bed?
Where is the man likely headed?
What is the large vehicle getting ready to do?
Why are the womans lips so red?
What kind of person would spend the most time here?
What is next to the vehicle?
What is below the kites?
What shape is the mirror above the white sink of the bathroom?
What language does pare mean stop?
What is pulling the boats on the highway before the river?
What kind of ball is the dog sitting next to on the concrete?
What color is the tank top worn by the female tennis player standing ready?
What is on the luggage?
What nation is likely to house this bus on the street?
What are the giraffes near?
What color is the long vase in the middle of the dresser against the wall?
What color are the traffic cones to the right underneath of the yellow tape?
Who batted with the same handedness as this batter?
What color is the line on the red sign?
What video game featured this activity?
What does it say on the clock?
What are the initials likely representing?
What is on the floor next to the toilet?
What animal is behind the fence?
How many zebras are eating hay from the trough?
Who is a competitor of this company?
What color is the neon sign on the second story of this building?
What is in the can near the skateboarder that is in the air?
What are the people standing in front of?
What color is the non-white stripe on the sail of this small boat?
How many double-decker buses are loading on the left side of the street?
Where are these toothbrushes likely located?
What country does this green and white bus likely operate in?
How many sheep are standing around in the cape field?
What is the hat made of?
What is usually found in this environment?
What is the cat peaking out from behind?
What does the French word Rue mean in English?
What color is the sheet covering the small twin bed on the corner of the room?
What is the white object on the coffee table called?
What is on the plate?
What does the animal have?
How many donuts are held by the persons inside of this van vehicle?
What color are the bikes lining on the left side of this hallway?
What movie is related to the word on the boat?
How many places could an animal get water from here?
Which color outfit is bright here?
What is the person doing on the plane?
What color is the water kettle on the top of the oven in the back of the kitchen?
What state has a name closest to the name that is found on the vehicle?
Which country is the producer of cars like the red one here?
What color is the area of the train car around the window?
What is the plate on?
What do these animals produce?
What color is the spray painted color on the back of the little lambs?
How many graffiti pictures are on the overpass wall?
What is next to the vehicle?
What is the color of the man's shorts who is getting ready to bat the ball?
What color is the stripe running around the circumference of the plate?
What can you tell about the giraffe in the foreground by looking at its ossicones?
What is the pillow supposed to look like?
What color is the egg on the sandwich to the left?
What is the man with the drink at risk of?
Where are these items usually found?
What is on the left side of the room?
What kind of area in town is this?
What are the seats around?
What are the people playing?
What type of waterway is seen here?
How many birds are clinging on the side of this giraffe's neck?
What word would best describe this room?
What color is the main stripe on the right side of the queen sized bed?
What is the paneling made of which is covering the walls?
What might this place be?
What is the purpose of the red and yellow trucks?
What is the person holding in their hands?
What character is often depicted eating the item in the bowl that is on top of the table with the white covering?
Ho wmany bagels are on the tray where the woman is operating tongs?
What is the appliance on the counter called?
How many giraffes are walking together in front of the herd of buffalo?
What color is the cell phone which the man talks on?
What is the woman using?
How many aircraft are on the tarmac together about to go to the docking bay?
What color is painted on the metal frame of the bicycle parked in front of the cake store?
What is the child most likely swinging at?
How many fine collectors are contained by the post on the sidewalk?
Why is the water brown?
How would you classify the activity these are used for?
What color is the bow tie on the big teddy bear in the poster?
What is the man adjusting?
What is a term used for this place?
How many giraffes are there in this wildlife conservatory shot?
What kind of fencing material is used to enclose this pasture of cows?
What animal is closest in size to the wheeled item the people are near?
What is racing downward?
What color is the sauce served in a circle around the vegetables?
Who makes the item that is under the camera?
Which item on the plate is highest in carbs?
Why are all the people gathered?
What does the kite on the left look like?
What company makes this vehicle?
How many long-necked birds are traveling in a row on the side of the river?
What is above the steel structure?
What color is the cow resting on the top left side of the pasture?
What color is the tip of the tailfin on the Japanese propeller plane?
What is the yellow cereal on top of the donut?
How many species are depicted here?
How many giraffes are stood in the middle of the conservation field?
What usually happens on the item in the middle of the room?
What kind of fruit does the orangutan have in its mouth?
What color of light is emanated by the lantern on the top of the footlocker?
How is the person holding the item?
How many women are walking on through the park while carrying black umbrellas?
What is the name of the pants that most of the boys have on in this image?
What color is the undershirt worn by the man who is skiing above?
Who is a sponsor of this event?
What color is the vase sat atop the top of the two shelves to the right?
What is the main primary color of the background on the men's tie worn to the dog?
What might the person be repairing?
The nearby cow to the left who is looking at the camera wears what color down his face?
What is the longest item here?
What country does this large military purposed jet fly for?
How to tell this is not a home kitchen?
Which cat is most likely to get hotter in the sun?
What color is the metal suitcase in the middle of the luggage pile?
What is a very tall item here?
What does the man on the left most likely own based on what he is doing?
What picture is on the sign that is all the way to the right?
What is the black rectangular object called which is hanging from the ceiling?
What is above the bicycle?
What color is the lettering on the center of the blue bus windowfront?
What is the protein pictured?
What is the fruit sitting on top of the bunch of bananas on the green tablecloth?
What is behind the animals?
What kind of fuel does this vehicle run on?
What is the name of the gas station with the red star?
What color are the man's socks?
What are the people doing?
What color is the hat worn by the opposing team player who is in the team shot?
What is she likely holding in her left hand?
What is the name of the electronic device that the cat appears to be looking at in this image?
What color are the jets for the bottom side of the aircraft shaped kite?
What is on the boy's hand?
If you had to guess which holiday would this most likely be?
How many scooters are enclosed with white lines in the middle of the parking area?
What in this photo is black purple and white only?
What is flying through the air?
What actress is from this country?
How many windows surround the fireplace mantle?
What color is the uniform of the team who is currently pitching the ball?
What is coming out of the toilet bowl?
Which animals are near the zebras?
What is the most common topping on the frosting?
How many sleep are resting on their belly in the straw?
Who wears the item the man in the foreground is wearing on his face?
What do you have to do in order to get the urinals to flush?
What kind of wine is the man serving in the glasses?
What is the green stuff on top of?
What is the purpose of the item tied around his neck?
What are the animals in the foreground doing?
What number is one number less than the number on the cow's collar?
What movie does the scene most resemble?
What are the long metal rods on the windshield of the train?
What is the dog next to?
Why might these people be lined up?
What is on the shoe?
How many birds are parked on the top of the boat?
What top speed can this vehicle likely reach?
What kind of clothing accessory is worn on the skating man's wrist?
What event might this be for?
What is the man swinging?
What color is the button on top of the bagel?
What type of object is conspicuously placed on the plate with all the fruit?
What kind of cheese is spread over the pasta salad?
What is next to the bright red car?
What color is the central rectangle of the kite flown above the open field?
What is behind the doll in the foreground?
What are the people riding?
What is the animal doing?
What color is the chocolate ball on the top corner of the cake?
What is next to the table on the left?
What is the most likely activity the person on the yellow chair is doing?
What is unique about this animal?
The woman in the red blouse is using a cell phone of what color?
What is the woman sprinkling over her pizza?
What color are the stripes on the side of the bathroom wall?
What is the white appliance used for?
Based on what's shown on the computer screen what is this person doing?
What is in front of the elephant's tusks?
What animal is most closely related to this one?
How many elephants are following after the man wearing a white hat?
What color are the oars hanging off the rear of these boats in the muddy water?
What animal is on the kite?
What is on the fire hydrant?
How many zebras are standing in the way of the path?
What color is the underbelly of the brown cow with poop on its butt?
In what country would you find this type of cuisine?
How many beach chairs are grouped together for each umbrella?
Which meter has the higher number on it?
What color are the poles dragged around by the young child with his skis?
What part of the animal in the foreground is closest to the ground?
What is most likely to be cold inside?
What animal is between the giraffes?
What is made in this room?
What term is appropriate to describe this animal?
What is the brown and white animal doing with its neck in the air?
What color are the lobes of the elephant's ears?
What does the very large toy resemble?
What color is the sofa at the one narrow end of the coffee table?
What kind of citrus fruit are these indicated by their relative size and shape?
What color are the sleeves of the female bike rider?
What is the purpose of the black and silver square appliance?
What color is the top of the fire hydrant with eye decals on the front?
What allows this bike to be visible at night?
What has the long stem?
What are the animals near?
Why is the elephant laying down on the left with the tourist on top?
Which item on the plate likely is highest in vitamins and minerals?
What color is the round fruit underneath of the apples?
How many men are sharing the motorcycle together?
What is the man touching?
What color is the netting on this purse?
What is in the white cup?
These boats are most likely in what country given their names?
Where are the people standing?
What is on the bottom of the airplane that enables it to operate in water?
What store is this store competing with?
What is the name of the operating system for both of these computers?
What baseball team's name appears on the bottle?
Which animals are near the trees?
What is on the computer screen?
What is rising in the air?
What is touching the broccoli?
What color is the stripes on the three wings of the nearby airplane-shaped kite?
What heats the stove for cooking?
What color are the highlights in the hair of the person eating the hot dog?
How many bottles of wine are to the right in front to the man who is cutting the pizza?
What animal is most similar to these?
What are the pants type the man is wearing?
How many women with bikinis are riding on horseback on the beach?
How does the flying object stay in the air?
What is the silver rectangular object on the counter?
What color is the lateral stripe around the hull of the blue boat?
How many computer screens are on top of the desk?
How many drawers are in the bottom cabinet of this kitchen?
What is obscured by the grass?
How many people are in wetsuits standing before the crashing wave?
What kind of fencing encloses these giraffes in the zoo?
What does the front of the automobile shown in this image most resemble?
What is the little elephant walking on top of?
What would be a more appropriate title for the larger painting on the wall?
What kind of vegetable is between the bread and the meat on top of the white plate?
How many sheep are here with horns?
How many waves are at the extension of the surf beyond which there is a man surfing?
What color is the middle of the three horse's coat?
What has the big ears?
What is the man looking at?
What kind of highway does the motorcycle ride upon?
What company logo is featured on the square item all the way to the left?
What are a group of these animals called?
What are the people on the bikes holding?
What kind of fuel does the cow run on?
What are the reddish and green plants called in the forefront of the planter?
What color are the onions on the top left part of the white plate?
What is the person in green holding?
What is in the air?
What is next to the lamppost?
What is touching the pizza?
What is the person getting ready to do?
Why is the wagon in this area?
What is the likely relation of the person pushing the stroller to the child in it?
What is the man looking at?
What is the white object to the right of the cat likely to be?
What is wearing the hat?
What type of bird is on the street?
What is near the window?
Who frequents this place?
What color is the little purse on the marble countertop next to the big raised sink?
What color are the pears expressed by this painting?
What kind of beverage are the couple most likely drinking together?
What athlete might these kids know if they follow this sport closely?
What is on top of the counter?
What are the people near?
There are two trains going down the rail of likely what country?
What is the woman adjusting?
What kind of structure is sitting ont he top right hand corner of the train?
What is the boy running through?
There are how many airplanes flying in formation at the sky?
What animal is on the bench?
The statue best represents who?
The controller of which variety of video game manufacturers produces what this woman is holding?
What country is the name on the jerseys located in?
What kind of sauce might be applied to the pizza on the right?
How many park benches line the plaza that is closed off to traffic?
What color is the ribbon tied around the neck of the small stuffed bear?
The girl all the way to the right is wearing what?
What is missing on these hotdogs?
What do the colors of the frisbee resemble?
What is the purpose of the brown object with holes on the counter?
How many cows are stood on the field around the people riding on a donkey?
What has turned this apparatus inside out?
What is he focused at?
What color is the bright light above the left side of the street?
What type of fence is in front of this cow?
What is the main color of the alpine ski that the man is holding?
What category of food is this?
What color is the top of the railing for the bridge where two people are walking in a storm?
What is the man holding?
What animal is the red stuffed animal?
How many little zebras are there amongst the big zebras?
What is the person riding in?
What celebrity has a similar name to the name on the bottle?
What color is the light on top of the sink near the counter?
What are the animals doing?
The people are most likely going where?
What could be struck against the large glass in order to make a sound?
What color is the stripe going down in the foot of the bed?
Who is wearing the most gear?
What is the elephant doing?
What color is the clock face underneath the window on the top of the clock tower?
How many portraits are hung on the doors and the walls of this kitchen room?
What color is the pillow on the back of the sofa recliner?
What is the object with the metal rod on it?
What is on the bed?
What material surrounds the tub?
What ar ethe zebras doing on the other side of the lake?
What color is the cat sitting in the computer chair?
What kind of pants does the woman wear at the sink mirror?
What is the baby doing?
What color is the fur of the teddy bear who is sitting on the green mattress sheet?
How many jet planes are flying together in the sky with military formation?
What do the man and woman have in common?
Who would be associated with these types of vehicles?
What model is the red car?
What is near the mirror?
What is the rectangular metal object called which is directly above the stove and mounted to the ceiling?
The man in the foreground's jacket is the same color as what?
How many pillows are laid upon the wooden bench down the bookcases?
What is behind the person with the number 44 on their shirt?
What store would sell most of the items here?
Why is the hardware on the doors brown?
What is usually found in this room?
How many little elephants are following behind the big elephant to the left?
What kind of fruit is sat next to the bunch of bananas?
What is the woman holding in her hand?
What is the color of the clock face behind the wheel?
What vitamin is the green stuff a good source of?
How many giraffes are peeling the bark off this fallen tree?
What color are the tags planted inside of the sheep's ears?
What is the foremost cow doing?
How many people are standing on top of the elephant who is standing in the muddy water?
What word is related to these animals?
What item usually has liquids poured into it?
Why is the air so hazy?
What color is absent on the umbrella?
What is the finance company advertised on the wall next to the tennis player?
Which US state is most likely to contain palm trees like the ones contained in this image?
What is the primary color of the reflection on the ocean?
What kind of skis are the two using in this mountain range?
What type of building is this bathroom in?
What type of meat is in the sandwiches at the left hand side of the table?
What are the men wearing?
What language do people most likely speak here?
What is the blue object hanging on the wall?
The person holding the umbrella looks most like who?
How many elephants are there to lead this herd?
What are the people riding on?
What is the man most likely protecting his eyes from with the object on his face?
What is the baby near?
What is the person holding the wooden item trying to hit?
What position does the person with the blue helmet play?
What is likely this guy's name?
What color is the main body of the jacket worn by the small child?
What is extended on the animals?
What color is the secondary shade of grass near to where the oxen are standing?
What is next to the chairs?
Which meter has the higher number on it?
What animal is on the bed?
What country is the most likely destination for this airport?
How many elephants are together in the small wild group?
How many colors of leaf are in the hedge in the middle of the station?
What kind of fencing material outlines the enclosure for the close by giraffe?
What color is the toothbrush in the mouth of the woman in the center?
What color is the center of the frisbee that this dog is jumping toward?
What is the toilet near?
What are the people playing with?
What is next to the cows?
What is strange about the sidewalk?
What color ist he batting helmet worn by the batting team player?
What setting is this?
What is this group of animals called?
What country is this likely in?
What color is the passenger side seat cover int he boat that is pulling up to the dock?
What color is the whale kite flown on the beach?
What is on the floor?
What color are the eyes on the edges of the parasail pulling the skier?
Which object is most likely to start a fire?
What color is the flowers inside of the painting to the left of the woman?
Which fruit is most apparent visually on this pizza?
What are the animals called?
What is on the table?
What happens if you pull the lever in the middle of the photo?
How many cows are walking beside the guy on a horse?
What is the keyboard being plugged into?
What number on the train is divisible by 7?
What color are the noodle strainers hanging underneath of the cupboard and above the sink?
What type of shoes is the cat laying on?
What color is the FedEx airplane's tail fin?
What is the light green mixture?
What are the giraffes doing with their legs spread apart like this?
What would happen if the lamp was turned off?
What is this desk made of?
What does the yellow line signify?
What is particularly large here?
What type of paint was used to paint the pictures hanging on the wall?
What color is the dome on top of the clock tower with some golden ornaments on top of it?
Who would most likely use the stool in this room?
What is visible in the water?
What color is the van at the end of the row of the left?
What is the red and black tool on the right called?
What is the young offspring of these animals called?
What kind of flowers are in the glass vase on top of the end table?
What number is the largest number on the train?
What is the rack above the glasses holding?
What color is the bench in the middle of the U-shaped road covered in straw?
How many portraits are hung on the gray walls?
What is the number of zebras sitting in the middle of the forested plain?
What company handles the event that will happen in 1/2 mile?
What color is the sidecar housing the small dog?
Where is this office located?
What color is top of the yellow bodied fire hydrant on the bottom left side?
How do you know the four guys are together?
The logo printed on top of the white cake is for a company based in which country?
What is rolling into the devices for the airplane?
What type of landscape does this room most resemble?
What color is the item the animals are stepping on?
What is on the animal in the foreground's head?
These two cats are doing what activity?
What animal does the toy resemble most?
Who is most likely bathing the baby?
What popular video game character is on the screen provisioned by the Nintendo Wii device?
What color is the LCD on the flatscreen television on top of the white drawers?
What is the clear vessel next to the blue container used for?
What is a breed of this animal?
What is inside of the item that looks like bread?
Where are these items sold?
What color is at the bottom front of the vehicle in the foreground?
What kind of environment is this?
What is the athlete attempting to do?
What animal is next to the giraffe?
What color is the tape fence around the luggage area where there is a number of luggage bags?
What are the people passing by?
Who is holding the ball?
What is in the food?
Why is this dog getting a treat?
What call will the umpire most likely make?
What color is the guitar in the painting hung in the center of the wall on the right?
What was the man just doing?
What is the child balancing against?
What is on the TV?
How many elephants are standing right on the dirt road to the left?
What is the animal in the foreground likely chewing?
What color is the cow in between the two milkcows?
What utensil is usually needed with this food?
How is the women moving?
How many people can this feed?
Slices of what are found in the food?
What is the man swinging?
What country is associated with the two blue engines?
What color is the snow jacket worn by the skier?
What is the longest part of these animals?
What are the bulls doing?
Who likely resides here?
What are the three zebras in the watering hole looking toward?
What color are the sinks embedded in the black tile countertop?
What color are the doors to the refrigerator on the far left side of the room?
What do the numbers on either side of the clock represent?
How many sails are attached to the boat in the ocean?
What is the person cutting?
The item under the roof can best be described as what?
What color is the lettering at the side of the large mall building?
What are most of the people protected from?
How many people can sit with them on the sofa?
What type of animal is being prepared?
What are the monitors connected to?
What is the same color as the animal's face?
What make is the white vehicle to the left of the green white cab?
What color is the fur on the stuffed bear in the neck tie?
Who is symbolized by the animal near the computer?
What is the person skateboarding near?
What color is the interior of the lettering in front of the helmet on the batter?
What color is the tail fin on the furthest left side of the tarmac?
What place looks most similar to this?
What is the middle advertisement on the blue wall about?
What color is the underbelly of the small aircraft?
What is the job of the man in the black shirt and dress pants behind the players?
What time of day is it likely to be?
What is on the floor?
What kind of fries are pictured next to the hot dog covered in cheese?
How many air jets are flying altogether in a formation?
What is the last number on the license plate of the motorcycle in the foreground?
What country most likely hosts the bus parked near this national landmark?
What is the side dish on the plate in the foreground?
What color is the hair of the woman who is putting a spatula inside of the kitchen oven?
What do the pictures look like?
Ho wmany zebras are visible inside of the large conservatory enclosure?
What is the purpose of the red truck in the image?
What color is the text for this jersey of the boy playing baseball?
What would someone most likely clean in this room?
What kind of vegetable leaf is placed on top of the pizzas?
What color is the man's jacket on the far left?
What is the woman wearing?
How many horses are upright?
What could the teddy bear be submerged in?
What sound do people say the item on the right makes?
What kind of bread makes the sandwich the woman is eating?
The girl is playing with what animals?
What is the child holding up to their ear?
What country is the four digit area code for that appears in front of the 656 656 numbers?
What color is the bull int he field of white bulls who is alone among the white?
What color is the top of the ball laid on top of the computer desk?
What is the man doing while he is leaning on the metal railing?
What kind of cup is sat on the desk next to the computer mouse?
What shape is the mirror hanging on the wall with some wooden planks?
The racket company is named after who?
What celebrity first name appears on the boat?
Why are the people in the stands?
What is the writing which is written on the 3D statue on the right side?
What is likely in the large bottle in the reflection?
What color is the boundary section of the surfboard held by the woman in the wetsuit?
How many little baby bears are walking under the fallen log?
What color is the frisbee held by in the right hand of the man in the background?
What color are the insides of the tennis courts in this park?
What color is the interior of the clock face illuminated?
How many portraits are hung on the mustard colored walls?
What is the woman in the foreground wearing?
What holiday is the color pattern on the bed most appropriate for?
What type of water body is this as evidenced by the beach in the background?
What item has a back end that shares the name of an item here?
What color is the big tarp suspended over the deck of the large yacht?
What is next to the animal in the water?
What color are the towels hanging above the white porcelain toilet?
What is in front of the television?
What is near the laptops?
What kind of cooking element does the stove have?
What color are the posts where one of the players had put his jacket on?
What is the bird above?
What color is the little napkin worn on the girl's chest?
Where would you see this setup?
Which gaming console is being watched by the onlookers?
What room is it?
What animal is between the giraffes?
How many boys are pictured here?
What country is this building in?
What usually gets done here?
What is this kitty pointing to with his nose?
How many players are engaged in the game as indicated by the number of players in the multi-screen game?
What are the roofs of the shelters made for the giraffes consisting?
What does a person do on the structure next to the fallen shopping cart?
What shape is the window that the cat is sniffing?
Who provides the bottles on the counter?
How many little elephants are together inside of this zoo cage?
What color is the t-shirt worn by the man on the left who is pointing his fist?
What kind of meal is this?
Where in the world is this being played?
What is the middle color of the baking tray above the oven?
What color is the underbelly of this private jet?
What are the animals near?
What feature do these animals have?
What caused all the indents in the sand?
What are the oranges touching?
What area of a city would this be called?
How many people are holding ski poles?
How many little lambs are stood on top of the rock?
What is in the cake?
What does the top of the vehicle look like?
How many pins are juggled up on top of the post by the man standing on the skateboard?
What vitamin is this food known for?
What is the most likely beverage in the filled cups on the table?
What is the man wearing?
What is the color of the center stripe on the flag tossed over the elephant?
What is the number of laptops sat on the bar held over this bed?
What sound do these animals make?
What is above the wood?
What is the cat near?
Who served in the branch of the military whose name appears on the vehicle?
What is the person's foot near?
Which part of the skateboard is orange?
What is the large item on the sand shaped like?
What is the black object on the piano used for?
What event is this?
What type of animal is on the Shiner box?
What is usually found inside of the large blue item?
How many of the giraffes are taking a drink in the water?
Which train is the oldest?
What flavor would the donut be if it was the same flavor as the item next to it?
What color is the top portrait on the wall between the two windows?
What color is the center curtain behind the big sofa?
What is the man wearing?
What state is written on the shirt of the woman who is playing tennis?
What type of cancer charity are they supporting?
How many little toddlers are sitting on top of the bed?
What kind of paste-like food is on top of the spoon?
What is by the screen?
What is the woman wearing?
How many church steeples are on a wing with this church?
What is the sum of the numbers on the cow's tag?
What color is the nose of the sheep who is standing in the front?
What kind of side meal is there a serving of near the pizza?
What type of restaurant is this?
What color is the square encapsulating the area of the black umbrella?
Who likely made the focal point above the stove?
What does the spot on the sheep facing the camera look like?
What are the animals walking on?
What kind of small animal is on the left side of the long advertisement?
What is the most abundant type of umbrella used in this beach?
What color is the cap on top of the water bottle held by the child?
What is least healthiest on the plate?
What are the animals next to?
Who owns the company whose name appears here?
Which drink here is the healthiest?
What is the name of the object on the front of the plane that spins?
What are the birds in the pen called?
What type of room might this be?
What utensil is on the right hand side of the plate?
What gets plugged into the item in the foreground?
What is the zebra on the left about to step into?
What animal is near the dog?
What made the cows unnatural colors?
What is the most likely reason his pants are dirty?
What company is this person likely to work for?
What utensil will the food be eaten with?
What color of cat is sleeping in the little bed?
What color is the plastic bowl containing an orange fruit?
What is near the far right wall?
What color is the lower element in the glass structure to the righthand side?
How many windows are lit on the second story of this building?
What does the boy have on his head?
What activity is meant for the sink with the round of faucets?
What would this site be described as?
What kind of surfboard is this?
What's in the round containers on the fridge?
Where would you find this type of dinner?
Which object is most likely to start a fire?
What color is the sheep in the middle of four white sheep and stands on dirt?
What is the man wearing?
What color is the metallic object hanging on this cat's collar?
What kind of fuel does the brown and white animal use?
What animal would most enjoy the food in the bowl?
What is the small mirror used for?
Which part of the line is the little elephant following in?
What color are the towels hanging on the bars on either wall of the bathroom?
What are the elephants near?
What kind of ice cream is on the top of the cinnamon treat?
What is on the horse in the foreground?
What is a healthy item on the plate?
What continent is this taking place on?
How many of the glasses are filled with wine on the table?
Which food in this image is highest in omega 3 fats?
How many cows are sniffing around on the beach front?
Who would work in a setting like this?
What is the main reason all of the planes are on the ground?
What color are the little stars on top of the dome building at the church?
What phone application does the little rabbit on the bottom left side of the screen come from?
What common eating utensil is missing from the table?
What kind of meat is sat to the left of the pizza?
What food here comes from outside a farm?
What song relates to this scene?
What is next to the chair?
How many elephants are standing in the road with people on their backs?
What is a slang term for this item?
What color is the umpire's helmet who is standing with his hand on the catcher's back?
What color is the front of the tail fin and the nosecone of this aircraft?
How many ways are there on this stop sign?
What is the person holding in their left hand?
What is on the dirt road?
What kind of pasta is sitting in the strainer alongside the broccoli?
What type of vehicle is the man on the left most likely riding in?
What item here would be most useful in an emergency?
What is near the apex of the tower?
What type of shirt is the man wearing?
What is the job of the girl who is knelt down in the front of the picture?
How many houses are visible above the train with black roofs?
What type of weather are they hoping for?
The bottom float is the same color as what?
What color is the interior side of the vintage refrigerator?
What is on the boat?
What shape is the sign in?
What is in the street?
What design is under the wing?
What is a potential hazard for the man?
What color is the background of the sign with the muscle man on it?
What food here is a good source of fiber?
What are the red colored cakes covered in on the outside?
What is next to the fence?
How many little sheep are grazing among the big sheep?
What is the human statue on top of?
What does the square telescreen contain on the subway station?
Who is the current chief of this organization?
What is next to the tracks?
What is being used to take the photo?
How do you know this is a commercial bathroom?
What is near the chair?
What is on the floor?
What kind of water body are these birds gathered in?
What building does the diesel sign most likely foreshadow?
What is the most likely location of this station?
What danger is the child in?
What era do the woman on the right's pants look like they are from?
What is the color on the top of the boat going down the city canal?
What are the curtains on the window called?
How many knobs can be seen on the front of the oven?
How many dogs are held on the leashes?
What is the bear sitting in?
What are a group of these food items called?
What utensil is absent?
What color outfit is the child wearing?
What is next to the girl?
What kind of fruits are placed inside of these muffins?
What vehicle is in the foreground?
Who rides these types of vehicles?
Which former teammate of Chipper Jones is standing in the on-deck circle?
The bottled drink on the right side of the table is what color?
How many colors are ejected from the planes flying in formation?
What is the rolltop object used for?
What is the person in the air wearing?
How many birds grazing on the top of the giraffe's chest?
What is the man holding?
How many blurry figures are passing the ocean with a surfboard in their hands?
What color is the real toothbrush to the left side and rear of the toothbrush holder?
What color is the small boat to the far left in the line of boats going down the dock?
What is the boy doing?
Which person is most likely flying the kite?
What number of birds is sitting on top of the electric bar?
What type of vehicle is the man riding?
What brand of technology is placed on the device in front of the cat?
What color is the handle of the mop tucked against the corner of the wall?
What is on top of the hot dogs in the center of the table?
What animals are most similar to these?
Which nation's flag is on the tail fin of this aircraft?
What has stripes here?
What feature do these animals have?
What kind of fruits are inside of the sunflower bowl on top of the table?
What type of facility is likely displaying these cutting implements?
How many computer screens are around the cat sleeping on the desk?
What feature does this animal have?
What kind of refined natural resource is used to power the white car?
What color is the tip of this man's baseball bat?
What are the giraffes playing around?
What color is the cake at the bottom of the urinal?
What continent is this most likely?
What color is the baseball helmet worn by the batter who had just hit the ball?
What is near the vehicles?
What does the animal in the foreground have?
What does the mayonnaise dressing for the sandwiches contain elements of?
What is side by side?
What nation's national flag is on the side of this train engine?
What kind of dog do these goats somewhat resemble?
What is the child learning to do?
What are all of the sheep gathering around in their field?
What is the movement the boy in the front left is doing called?
At least how many people can ride an elephant at once?
Which country is this street station a part of?
What is the elephant wearing?
What are the two horns on this animal called?
What is by the water?
What would a person eat if they only eat food that is the same color as the topmost item in the red bowl?
Why are the walls tiled?
What does the company whose logo appears at the top specialize in?
What is closest to the toilet bowl?
Who is most likely to take the toilets on the sidewalk?
What type of movie would this scene appear in?
What are the zebras all standing inside of?
What are both of the people wearing?
What is near the top of the tower?
How many cars are parked on the road behind the zebra and giraffe?
Where are these animals living?
Which country does this aircraft brand originate from?
What company owns vehicles similar to the ones in the street?
What do these animals have?
What kind of a vehicle is this?
What might the giraffe have just been doing?
What type of fencing contains the zebras into this area?
What are the animals standing near?
Why is the top of the step black?
How many giraffes are standing up?
What would you use to eat the food in the bowl?
What color is the circular light around the small mirror on the wall?
What color is the rain jacket worn by the woman in the rainforest?
What is the elephant following the human doing in the zoo?
What is the liquid below the fish?
Who might these kids admire if they love this sport?
What color is the twine that is tied between the cages carrying sheep?
What is all the way to the right?
What is the donut called that has ridges down the sides?
How many giraffes are standing together at this part of the zoo enclosure?
How many horses are standing in the middle of the grassy plain?
What vehicles are here?
What color are the tiles in the bottom of the kitchen?
What is the girl wearing?
What type of source is providing power to the stove?
What is to the left of the cars?
What is the person walking on?
What shape is the black tiles on the floor?
Which food item on the table is highest in protein?
What color is the horse that is pulling the yoke?
Why is the fence behind the man orange?
What is the cat near?
How many zebras are grazing in the field before the mountain?
What color is the elephant on the right?
What type of pasta is mixed in with the vegetables inside of the salad?
How many towers are in the medieval castle building?
What is near the top of the food pile?
What is made from the protrusions of this animal?
Which food came from an unborn animal?
How can you tell the cat has an owner?
What color are the nice little lunch trays for children or adults?
What is the zebra standing in?
What vehicle is the largest shown?
What is closest to the cost of everything in this room?
What types of people use this part of the street the most?
What make of car is behind the elephants?
What color is the water cooler sitting behind the shelf in the center of the room?
What is the person in the foreground wearing shorts doing?
Where are the people hanging out?
Why is there a light being used in the tunnel?
What type of building might this be?
What is in the sky?
What are the animals doing?
What is the item with the white cap used to clean?
What vehicles are in triplicate?
What is clogging up the street?
What is in the middle?
How many little giraffes are standing with the big giraffe in front of the wooden door?
What color is the big horse to the right with the flat cart behind it?
What is on the couch?
What term would best describe the person?
What is in the sand?
What color is the jacket blazer worn by the man with the beard?
What color is the plastic grip around the white cup?
What animal is most closely related to these?
What type of business is Flinders street station?
What performer has a similar name to the thing on the ground?
What is the state of the bananas?
How many zebras are there together in the group on the savannah?
What is the person wearing?
What is the name for the fruit cut in two slices at the middle of the cutting board?
What is the woman on the bench clutching?
What vehicle is the man on?
What does the front of the large item look like?
What color hair does the girl next to the cow have?
What us the giraffe in the foreground sitting on?
Who uses this room?
Why are the elephants trunk likely in the water?
How many traffic lights are seen suspended in the air?
How many wooden poles are sitting around the giraffe?
What bone of the man is touching the bike?
What is the person holding?
What is a term based on this animal?
What is found in the room?
What are the horses near?
What song mentions the item that is surrounding the bikes?
What are the people doing to the elephants?
What color is the back of the seat seen in front of the visible bedding?
What kind of vehicle is the person driving up next to the street?
What animal is usually portrayed eating this food?
What are the people standing in front of?
What is the waterway called?
What are they putting in the cup?
What kind of beverage is there on the table top?
What item here can have multiple meanings?
What animal is the doll in the middle?
What is the name of the style used to make these glass ornaments?
What is the boat rowing in through?
What are the majority of the people doing?
What material composes this old square tower?
What is another word for the vehicle in the foreground?
What animal is native to this country?
What video game system was made by the company whose name appears on the sign to the right?
What is the person standing across from?
What color is the fencing behind the sheep who are herded around by the dog?
What company makes the phone?
What variety of tomato is on the plate?
How many girls are hiding together underneath of the umbrella?
What is the shorter rectangular appliance called?
How many red donuts are remaining in the bottom left section of the donut chambers?
What is the most nutrient dense food on this plate?
How many people are sitting on the bench in the middle of the park?
What color are the rectangular bricks on the very bottom of the tower?
Which object has a door that opens?
What item is missing on the menu?
How many dogs are standing on the wood flat bed on the pickup truck?
How many species are shown?
What is the purpose of the gray object?
What color is the skin of the dirty elephant in the middle?
What is the cat leaning against?
What is the dog under?
According to the large national attraction what city must this be?
Where would you usually see the king on the back of the yellow shirt?
What word is associated with these animals?
What animal do the spots on the banana most resemble?
How many toilet bowls are sat in this area next to the side of the street?
What kind of water body are these boats likely parked in?
What are the people hoping to cross?
Which column has the most holes?
What is a colloquial term that applies to the man in the middle?
What color is the center kite in the string of kites?
How many cars are parked behind the benches where one old woman sits on one bench?
What are the white paper items on the shelf near the teapot?
Who likely uses this bathtub?
What is on top of the shelf?
What is next to the building?
Which sport is the man on the left most likely playing on the nintendo wii appliance?
What is in the window?
What is near the elephants?
What color is the dog with the collar around his ears like an old lady?
What measurement is closest to the weight of the biggest animal here?
Why is there no shower curtain?
What are the woman using?
What is the person sitting on?
What is the section of train the men are in?
What fruit is plentiful here?
What kind of trick is this skateboarder performing?
What color is the lid on the water bottle on the bench with the child?
What kind of musical instrument is covered by the guitar on the left side of the room?
What is the animal on the right eating?
What constellation is related to the animal on the uniform?
What is the man transporting?
What does the tall thing behind the truck look like?
What is on the dresser?
What color is the shirt of the girl holding a satellite dish who is riding behind the man driving a motorcycle?
What is the main material used to build this fireplace?
What is visible in the water?
How many big giraffes are there excluding little giraffes in total?
Where is the buses next destination?
What is the appliance next to the refrigerator?
How many children are running onto the cape with the water cows?
What is the man wearing?
Why does the woman have a ring on her ring finger?
What is the orange item near the bottom of the pile?
How many sail posts are on the back of this historic sailing ship?
How does the it feel inside the back of the truck?
What item on the plate is usually believed to be healthy?
What location is this most likely?
What is on the smaller laptop screen?
What is to the right?
What kind of animal is put into effigy on the top of these boats?
How many people are riding on the little scooter all together?
What is the name of the activity the man is doing?
What item is stuffed here?
Why is the boy in the black shirt wearing a helmet?
What is on the plate?
What is next to the pasta?
What is a danger to the child?
What color is the lateral stripe around the train engine?
What shape is the bathroom mirror of this room?
What place is this most likely?
What is next to green car?
What kind of wood is used to make the barrels in the background?
What is on top of the green structure?
What is the man wearing?
Where is the most obvious place to get hand soap?
The man sitting on the post with the phone to his ear is wearing what color of dome on his hat?
What color is the roof of the boat with a few people on it?
According to the bike rack what kind of a business is here?
How many portraits are hung on the white wall?
How many people could this food serve?
How many people are walking around in the train station?
How many sinks are dug into the black counter next to the toilet?
What is only one of the hot dogs missing?
What are the horses near?
What kind of yard appliance is hanging on the back of the moped motorcycle?
How many trains could be traveling underneath of these wires overhanging the train track?
What does the sign say?
What does the hydrant appear to have?
What are the people walking near?
What is the innermost color reflected off the center of the oven?
What color is the center of the tennis racket used by the little girl who is about to hit the ball?
What color is the vase in the middle of the coffee table?
The rope on this cow is attached to what?
What does this boat use for fuel?
What kind of human-powered vehicle lane are there some cars parked alongside of?
What is the name of the part of the elephant that is reached out towards the hands of the humans?
If a few more of these animals appear here what would they be called?
What is next to the bench?
What color are the sides on the crates of construction equipment?
How many jars are above the dishwasher or oven and underneath the cupboards?
What country does the shirt on the right mention?
What is on the fence?
Who is usually on the vehicle here?
What type of device is the cat sleeping on top of?
What color is the handle tied around the sunlit cow's face?
Where might this bathroom be?
What features do these animals have?
What would the answer to the equation on the truck be if the x is replaced by a sign?
The man at the bus stop is using what kind of phone to talk?
How many zebras are walking around on top of the dirt in the courtyard?
What color are the front ankles of the little goat with red ear rings visible in his ears?
What are the giraffes near?
What kind of fence encloses the little horse inside of the pasture?
What nationality does the man in the foreground appear to be?
What kind of figurine is present at the rear of the pizza on the table?
What is the person swinging?
What color are the tusks on the elephant who is walking straight for the camera?
What store sells these kinds of items?
What is in front of the bus?
What is the green object the man is serving pizza on?
What rhymes with the name of the store and is found on the vehicle?
What color are the edges of the towel hung on the towel rack next to the shower curtain?
What word describes these animals best?
What material is the construction of this tower?
What do the people at the net make up as a collective?
What does the item on the yellow sign look like?
What color are the beads inside of the red bowl?
How many red kites are flying above the field with the people in it?
What country is this room most likely located in?
What color is the box containing an alcoholic beverage behind the cricket's cage?
With which fruit would be most connected to Costa Rica?
The bottle is related to what group of people?
What is on display behind the glass on the checkered floor?
What design is on the little girl's hoodie?
What is the sheep doing on the hay with its belly?
What is near the elephant?
The plane is painted what colors?
Which Wii sport game must be played by the crowd of children in the lounge?
What is the color of the fruit in the center of the pile?
What color is the t-shirt worn by the man on a pedal bike in the background to the right?
What is the woman on the phone clutching?
What are both of the men wearing?
What color are the bodies of the sheep with white heads?
What is the purpose of the circular platform?
What is the boat under?
What type of tool do you need to move while in the object on top of the black car?
What period does the vase drawing look like it represents?
Which city is the scape most likely?
How many people can sit on the wooded item near the seated man?
What is on top of the building?
What is next to the bed?
What type of truck is being pictured in this image?
What kind of truck edition must this one be?
What is the man with the hat on struggling with?
What fruit is to the left?
What is the red stuff covering exactly one half of this pizza?
What color is the small section of the bat near to its center and above its handle?
What city appears on the bottom of the skateboard?
What season is most likely?
What are the structures underneath the lampshade?
Where does the luggage on this belt come from?
What are the people holding?
What kind of event is this?
What are the people in the vicinity of?
How many people are seen in this scene?
What is the name of the large bird?
What region is this most likely?
What laptop brand is being advertised?
What is the giraffe in the foreground doing?
What color are the shin guards for the police horses in the parade?
What item is long here?
What is the elephant near?
What kind of birds are the majority of these at the ocean?
What color is the logo on the sides of the shoes worn by the baseball batter?
What color is the parka down jacket worn by the man in the left?
How many horses are countable on the beach?
What color is the suitcase underneath of the window with white curtains?
How many portraits are hung above the fireplace mantle?
What is the zebra on the right doing in the field?
How many exhaust pipes extend out the sides of the big semi truck above?
What is near the cows?
What color are the serving bowls for the noodles at this dinner?
What kind of vessel is that?
What would the girl with the orange-colored hair be called?
Where is this meal being eaten?
How many different airline companies are represented by the planes?
What is walking in the tree?
What are the birds in front of?
What is next to the lamppost?
How many hot dogs are on the tabletop on top of white paper?
What color is the jacket of the man who is driving down the road looking at his cell phone?
What holiday is associated with the largest plate of meat on the table?
What is the object on top of the surfboard?
Which appliance sits right next to the refrigerator?
What color is the top of the speed boat that is closest to the corner of the dock?
What is the big item in the far back right?
How many people are wearing red coats on this part of the ski range?
What color is the leftmost truck?
Who is the man that appears to be taller?
What color is the jacket worn by the cycler in the right side photo?
What Christmas character are these people all dressed up as?
Who does the person in the jeans look most similar to?
What material are the horses laying down in?
What is the item in the left corner?
What is resting on the sand?
What are the items in the bowl ingredients for?
How many baseball players are here with red jerseys?
What area of the world is this?
What is the woman holding in her hand?
What is in front of the couch?
What color is the frame of the girl's bike painted out to be?
What is behind the white door?
What variety of phone is used by the man with the drink?
What color is the border of the sail on the small boat?
How are the objects on the front of the fridge sticking?
What are the cows traveling around?
What is the number of cows gathered around the tree in the middle of the field with yellow flowers?
What direction are the elephants headed?
What are the zebras looking at on the grass?
What is in front of the building?
How many letters are extending down the sign attached to the pole?
What color are the croc shoes on the bag on the floor?
What liquid is most likely in the glass on the right?
What is the food covered in to make it orange?
What happened to the pizza?
What game is being played?
What is the ground made of?
What does the blue float look like?
What country is this most likely?
What is advertised at the store with the green canopy?
What color are the chimney pieces on the top of the long rectangular house?
What mode of transport here is the oldest?
What color is the fluid in the small container with the white cap on the top?
The girl standing at the sink with a toothbrush is brushing what?
What is the longest item?
What is on top of the sandwich?
What is the wooden plaque above the archway in the shape of?
What is the man in the foreground holding in his hand?
What is the object called that the dog is jumping into the water after?
What movie featured a similar animal to the animal the person is interacting with?
What color is the sign usually?
What class are these supplies needed for?
Who played this sport?
What animal is in the foreground?
Why is this man not considered a vegan?
What make of car is this?
How many red umbrellas are hanging up in the laundry ropes above the dining area?
What is the white string coming out of the mans beanie?
What are the animals near?
What is under the umbrella?
What is the name of the object with the purpose of emitting light to the room?
What does this scene look most like?
What century of gun is developed and hung on the side of this horse?
What are on some of the boats?
What color is the cloud on top of the map in the television set of the background?
What kind of phone is pictured on the far left side?
What type of area is this skateboarder in?
Where does the person in the foreground work?
What is near the vehicles?
What is at the top of the sheep pile?
What color are the square bricks outlining the base of this small clock tower?
What is on the railing?
What famous animal does this one most closely resemble?
What is the white cooker called?
What is to the right of the sink?
What color is the harness around the girl who is presenting the cow?
What is the woman likely to use to get back home?
What car company is being advertised in this arena?
What might the person be in the business of repairing?
What do these animals have?
What is in the tall glass on the right hand side?
What is the person swatting at?
What is climbing up the rocks to talk to the woman who is on the top?
What color are the Christmas balls on the tree to the right?
What color is the stripe wrapped around the red boat?
What would these animals hypothetically order on a menu?
What is the top color of the flag worn on the breast of the horseback rider?
What kind of pizza is this?
What color are the little wedges most directly on top of this salad?
How many giraffes are standing behind the green fence where there is a dog barking at them?
What color is the strange rainbow shape on the top side of the round apparatus of the parking meter?
What is the movie about?
What might be their profession?
How many laptops are sat on the top of the desk with the people gathered around?
What is the design called on the boy's shirt?
What language can a person learn by reading the book with the apple on it?
What direction are the giraffes looking?
What kind of vegetable is served on the side of this salad?
What color is reflected strongly off the metal cabinet cases?
What are the men on the bus drinking?
Who is the bed for?
What kind of animal is in the ocean to the left of the man swimming?
What are these animals likely doing?
What direction are the elephants marching?
What are the frogs sitting on?
What is draped over the chair?
What is watching the cows?
What are the curtains called?
What color is the seat on the couch in the corner window?
What are the cars driving alongside?
What color are the interior nettings of the rackets used by the two men?
What color is brightly reflected off the back of the bicycle in front of the cat?
What part of the body will be protected by the objects left with the motorcycles?
What word is relevant to this activity?
What letter is most obscured by the little girl's head?
What is above the tables?
What company makes an item likely to be found in this room?
What is near the water?
What direction are the animals facing?
What parts here came from a car?
What can you use the bike rack for to keep your bike safe?
What part of the world is this river likely found in?
What animals are standing tall?
What is the cat doing?
What kind of dog is sitting in the middle of the wood flooring licking itself?
Where would this particular kitchen be found?
What color is the lead to the dog standing to the rear side of the black dog?
Who would use the inanimate object with the face for their job?
What person most likely has flown on this airline?
What color is the lamp on the top of the wall next to the shower?
What character is the woman on the right dressed as?
What is near the sandwich?
What color is the DC logo spray painted across the skate ramp?
What is on top of the skateboard?
What is the wicker basket covering on top of?
What food can be made from this animal?
What is the person leaning against?
What is the person in the foreground doing?
What can be seen in the mirror reflection?
What kind of fence encloses the pasture containing sheep?
What are the rocks made of which are aligned with the fence?
What color are the stripes on the big bench that is held on the elephant's back?
What is the little elephant eating on the ground?
What is on the table near the TV?
What is next to the sink?
What is between the elephants?
What color is the vase on the right side of the white entertainment center?
What is the person on the left holding?
What type of military individual fly's this plane?
What part of the animal on the right is visible?
What is most likely in the smoothie?
What is the object called which is supporting the stove?
What is touching the fruit?
What keeps this room cool?
What does the man have in his hand?
What country is most known for serving dishes like this?
What fruit is topping the desert pizza?
Which item in the man's hand makes a more appropriate gift for a baby?
What is in the bottle with a red top?
What number is at the front of the truck?
What color are the toddler girl's stockings?
What color is the snow machine on the right hand side?
What can be seen in the mirror?
What color are the brick squares painted on the bottom of this building?
What is the littlest elephant called?
What is the brown stuff all over the baby from?
What design is on the pillows?
What wooden items are on the table?
What color are the lateral stripes wrapped around the black bodied boat?
What color is the line on the floor?
What is the person holding the cat known for?
What color shirt does the man closest to the camera have on?
Which letter of the alphabet represents this docking terminal?
What number is on the plane?
What is one of the cows hiding behind?
What kind of fencing keeps the zebras enclosed in the zoo?
How many computer screens are around the cat sleeping on the laptop?
What is the artwork on the wall called?
What color is the stripe on the top of the auto service garage building?
What kind of object is dispensed from the receptacle pinned into the wall?
Why are all the other cars letting the yellow truck go?
What is the boat plowing through?
What is the quickest way to heat food in this kitchen?
What color is the bottom half of the snowboard which is carried up the hill by a man with ski poles?
What type of tram is this one called?
What provides power to these toothbrushes?
Where is there most likely to be a baby at in this picture?
What is in the sandwich that is highest in the air?
What color is the stripe in the middle of the signs on both sides of the beltway?
Which kitchen appliance is underneath of the upper cupboards?
What is on top of the boat?
This scene is likely to appear where?
What number of tofu slices are in the side of the bowl next to the rice and broccoli?
What god or goddess name appears on the plane?
What is the bar on the left wall for?
What is on top of the elephants?
How many computer mice are there altogether on the mouse pad?
What color are the bananas in the middle of the cutting table next to the cook?
Who feeds this animal?
What is usually done here?
What color is the boundary cloth on the suitcase of luggage held by the woman with the green bag?
How many sheep are grazing in the pasture enclosed by the wire fence?
What is at the end of each apple?
What is on the plate?
What are the animals standing in?
What national flag is embroidered on top of the pillow next to the sofa?
What part of the computer is the cat looking at intently?
What is the dog investigating?
What has got the attention of the herd of sheep seen in front of us?
What is probably making the cat so alert?
What is the person dragging on the floor?
What are these animals known for producing?
What is the child playing with?
Who speaks the same language that the sign is in?
What color is the writing for this team who is batting on top of their helmets?
What color is the background lighting behind the girl posing for the photo?
What is falling down?
What kind of fencing is used around these horses to keep them confined?
What color is the gas tank of the motorcycle where the child is sitting?
How many giraffes are walking around in front of the people at the zoo or conservatory?
What primary color is split the same between all three family members on their snow suits while they are out skiing?
What will he likely be doing soon?
What kind of beverage is served in the glass behind the plates and between the two seated at the table?
What is the kite supposed to represent?
What is the man in the foreground wearing on his feet?
What is the device hung on the wall above the fireplace?
What kind of meat is inside of this man's salad lunch?
How many sinks are on the row at this public bathroom area?
What kind of businesses use these trucks?
What is next to the banana?
What is the bread in?
What sport are the three smaller boards used for in the upper right?
What kind of gas does the bicycle on the left run on?
What vehicle is here?
Who would use this room?
What color is the object that would be best to make a smoothie?
What league does the team with the standing players play in?
How many weird looking sheeps are standing on top of the dirt pile?
What kind of knife is pictured laying next to the apple?
What kind of food is in the bag?
What color are the shorts on the boy wearing a baseball helmet?
What profession uses these vehicles?
What are the big giraffes crossing on top of?
What weapon does the item the man on the left is holding look most like?
What type of vegetable is the topping of choice for this pizza?
What move is one of the players likely to do?
What do the stickers on the wall appear to be doing?
As it is walked by the woman what is inside of the dog's mouth?
What color is the strange rock on the right hand side of this field of sheep?
What color is the middle of this elephant's face and trunk?
How many zebras are sitting atop of the grassy field?
What item is the cat balancing on their head?
What is the name of the style of skiing the child is doing?
What is near the sink?
What is the person in the foreground wearing?
What is the woman in the bicycle wearing?
What direction are these animals facing?
What color are the stones on the bottom of the wagon pulled by the horse?
How many colors of cow are there grazing in this field?
What are the animals doing?
What animals can be seen?
What type of apparel is worn on the woman's legs?
What fruit is growing here?
What language-speaking country is this in?
What is going on the toast?
How many icing spoons are on top of the sponge cake?
What is the statue wearing?
What kind of dietary habits is this dish suitable for?
What is this activity good for?
What can be seen in the mirror?
What kind of structure do the elephants cross over from the left to right?
What color is the jacket worn by the man who is adjusting his pants legs?
What type of rice is set off to the left side of the plate?
What would be the most useful material for adding to the boat in this image?
What kind of flowers are posted in vases all around the room?
What is the side dish?
What do the majority of the floats look like?
What is on the counter?
What color are the sleeves worn by the biker who has blue shorts and a red bike?
What is facing down?
What does the person have on their knees?
What is a rival company to this one?
Which Asian car brand is represented by the red advertisement on the airfield?
What is the teddy bear wearing?
What kind of material encloses this pasture for the cows or bulls inside?
What is on top of the desk?
What is on the top left donut?
What is the woman interacting with?
What kind of water body is most likely in the service of this dock?
What type of transportation is parked on the side of the road?
What country is likely hosting this vehicle evident by the writing on its side?
What number of zebras are standing in front of the tree surrounded by a chain link fence?
What is the man doing?
What is the number of zebras moving from left to right in the middle of the savannah field?
What color is the stripe near the hull of the aircraft?
What is up in the air?
What color is the fruit smoothie inside of the red blender?
What fruit is plentiful here?
What number is the player wearing?
What color are the strange plants below the lego zebras?
What is the man in the foreground drinking?
What is on top of the counter?
What kind of desert is held by in the napkin by the man eating it?
How many people are seated on top of the elephant eating in the pool?
What is the green item used in?
What type of facility is the largest dog associated with?
What company logo is on the TV?
What vehicle what be the easiest to store furniture?
What color is the vintage car driving down the interstate highway?
What is a main ingredient in this dish?
What color is the large girl's t-shirt who is sitting on the bench on the basketball game?
What do you need to do in order to get hand soap to come out of it's container?
What nationality is associated with the holiday being celebrated here?
How many zebras are running across the rocky field?
What kind of citrus fruit is on top of the leaf on the right side of the white plate?
What color is the laptop on top of the desk next to the potted flowers?
What fruit is in the top right corner of the bin?
What color is the block in the middle of the cup on the right?
How many giraffes are feeding from the basket of hay?
Who has the same last name as the batter?
Which inanimate objects are out of place?
What type of fruit is most likely on the top of this cake?
What items are in a row?
The bald man with glasses is using what kind of phone?
Which part of this dish is unique?
What is the little girl outfitted for?
What kind of water body might there be before this cityscape?
What is on the table to the left?
What is the main theme used for the illustrations on the vases?
What does the larger animal in this image definitely have more of?
What is the boy to the right swinging?
What will the bikers most likely eat?
What is keeping the phone holder in position?
How many zebra are walking in a line behind the fence?
What word is associated with the item the person is touching?
What country is this street scene likely part of?
What is in front of the yellow building?
The shelf on the right contains how many bowls?
Who played for this team?
What is unique about this kite?
What is this young man engaging in?
Why does that animal have its legs spread?
Why is one kid wearing yellow?
The Horse and rider here are part of what?
Who need to obey the stop sign shown?
What is the red object sitting on the stove?
To which elevation will the persons pictured here likely go to on their skis?
Which player has the higher jersey number?
